Dune	sci-fi	The Emperor is a part of a 10,000 year dynasty. He is essentially in charge of the galaxy. Each planet in said galaxy is controlled by a house. Everything in the galaxy essentially runs on a material called “spice” which is found in the sand dunes of Arrakis. The planet of Arrakis does not have a house of its own like the other planets, its only purpose is to produce spice. The emperor chooses a house to control the planet. Previously, House Harkonnen (run by the Baron) controlled the planet but abused its power and the people of Arrakis (the freman). The emperor spontaneously ruled that the planet shall now be ruled by Atreides. This was plotted as a means of sabotage against Arteides. The leader of Atreides, the Duke is married to Jessica, the bene gesserit which is essentially an apprentice to a very powerful woman named Mother Mohiam, leader of the sisterhood. The sisterhood possesses a power called “the voice” that allows them to control others. Jessica and the Duke have a teenage son named Paul. Paul is the only male who is trained to do the voice. Many believe he is the “messiah,” an extremely powerful being according to prophecy. He continuously sees images of a woman in the desert and its believed that he can see into the future. He even found out his mother was pregnant before she ever told anyone. Harkonnen teams up with the Sardaukar, an army who belong to House Corinno (home of the Emperor). Together, the two military forces attack the royal family of Atreides overnight on Arrakis. Mother Mohiam told Harkonnen not to hurt Paul and Jessica. As a result, after the attack the two are left stranded in the desert where they must now find the Fremen. When the two eventually escape Sardaukar, they find the fremen and Paul sees the girl he was having dreams of.
Shrek	animation	Shrek, a grouchy, mean, selfish green ogre that has always enjoyed living in peaceful solitude in his swamp, finds his life disrupted when numerous fairytale beings, including Pinocchio, the Three Little Pigs, and Donkey, are forced into the swamp by order of the obsessive, perfectionistic, fairy-tale despising Lord Farquaad. Shrek leaves the swamp to ask Farquaad for the return of his privacy, with Donkey happily tagging along. Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man into revealing the whereabouts of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with an object Farquaad has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. The Mirror tells him that Farquaad can only become a real king by marrying a princess (completely disregarding his original question regarding if his kingdom was the fairest of them all). The Mirror gives him three princesses to choose from (in a parody of The Dating Game): Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona. Farquaad chooses Fiona and silences the Mirror before he can mention "the little thing that happens at night" (which is later revealed to be a curse). Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad's palace in Duloc, where they find themselves in the midst of a tournament. The winner will have the "privilege" of attempting to rescue Fiona from a castle surrounded by lava and protected by a fire-breathing dragon so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek (with some help from Donkey) easily beats the other knights in a fashion that resembles a wrestling match and Farquaad agrees to remove the fairytale creatures from the swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona.
The Teacher	drama	The film is set in 1983, Czechoslovakia. Mária Drazdechová becomes a teacher at a suburban school near Bratislava. She uses her position to blackmail parents of her students to get benefits from them. Students whose parents disobey are bullied and given bad grades. The head teacher is afraid to intervene as Drazdechová is chairperson of the school Communist Party branch. One of Drazdechová's students attempts suicide as a result of the bullying. This induces the school principal to call the parents for a meeting about a petition to remove Drazdechová from the school. There are parents whose children were bullied by Drazdechová and others who support her. Most of the parents are afraid of the teacher's connections and do not want to sign. The meeting ends in failure as only three families sign. It seems that Drazdechová has won, but some families later change their minds and return to sign the petition. This results in Drazdechová being removed from the school.The film shifts to 1991, two years after the Velvet Revolution. Drazdechová becomes a teacher once again. The movie concludes with the same scene from the beginning — Drazdechová asks all her students about their parents' jobs. The only difference is that on the classroom wall hangs a portrait of Václav Havel instead of Gustáv Husák.
Coco	animation	Coco follows a 12-year old boy named Miguel who sets off a chain of events relating to a century-old mystery. The official story description is "Coco is the celebration of a lifetime, where the discovery of a generations-old mystery leads to a most extraordinary and surprising family reunion." Coco follows the secret musical ambitions of Miguel, who resides in a lively, loud Mexican village but comes from a family of shoemakers that may be the town's only music-hating household. For generations, the Riveras have banned music because they believed they've been cursed by it; as their family history goes, Miguel's great-great-grandfather abandoned his wife for decades earlier to follow his own dreams of performing, leaving Imelda (Miguel's great-great-grandmother) to take control as the matriarch of the now-thriving Rivera line and declare music dead to the family forever. But Miguel harbors a secret desire to seize his musical moment, inspired by his favorite singer of all time, the late Ernesto De La Cruz. It's only after Miguel discovers an amazing link between himself and De La Cruz that he takes action to emulate the famous singer and, in doing so, accidentally enters the Land of the Dead. In the beautiful underworld, it's not long until Miguel encounters the souls of his own family - generations' worth of long-dead but no less vivacious Rivera ancestors, including great-grandmother Imelda. Still, given the opportunity to roam around the Land of the Dead, Miguel decides to track down De La Cruz himself. He teams up with another friendly (and skeletal) spirit, a trickster named Hector, to find De La Cruz, earn his family's blessing to perform, and return to the Land of the Living, before time runs out.
How I Met Your Mother	comedy	How I Met Your Mother is an American Sitcom that premiered on CBS on September 19, 2005. The show was created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays. The season nine finale aired on March 31, 2014 on CBS.The series revolves around Ted Mosby (Josh Radnor) who in the year of 2030 tells the story to his son and daughter how he met their mother (hence the title). While living in New York City and working as an architect, the narrative deals with his best friends, including the long-lasting couple Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel) and Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan); the eccentric, womanizer-playboy Barney Stinson (Neil Patrick Harris); and news anchor Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders). The series explores many storylines, including a love triangle between Robin, Ted, and Barney; Marshall and Lily's relationship; as well as the careers of the characters and so much more. The series is narrated by Bob Saget through flashbacks from the future.
Scary Movie	comedy	An 18-year-old girl, Drew Decker, is attacked and killed by a masked killer, Ghostface, after receiving a disturbing phone call. The next day, Cindy Campbell and her friends, who accidentally killed a man a year ago, are targeted by Ghostface. One by one, her friends are killed, with some meeting bizarre or ironic ends. At a party, Cindy's boyfriend Bobby is revealed to be working with their friend Ray, imitating Ghostface to frame him while becoming famous. However, they are betrayed by the real Ghostface, later revealed to be Cindy's schoolmate Doofy. He escapes, and Cindy uncovers his disguise after the police arrive.
Back to the Future	sci-fi	Marty McFly meets his eccentric friend Doc Brown, who reveals a time-traveling DeLorean. When Libyan terrorists kill Doc, Marty escapes in the car and accidentally travels back to 1955. There, he disrupts his parents' first meeting, endangering his own existence. Marty seeks the younger Doc's help to return to 1985, needing a lightning strike to power the DeLorean. Meanwhile, Marty must get his parents together while fending off bully Biff. After George courageously defeats Biff and wins Lorraine's love, Marty returns to 1985, where his family is happier and more successful, and Doc survives the terrorists' attack.
Scream	horror	A peaceful town in California turns into a bloodbath when a masked killer haunts the town. Sidney Prescott, a young teenage girl, whose mother was killed a year before, becomes the target of the mask killer! Her boyfriend Billy Loomis becomes the main suspect along with Sidney's father. Local Tabloid News Reporter Gail Weathers and Woodsbroro's Deputy Dwight "Dewey" Riley investigate and try to figure out who the killer is and if it's the same person who killed Sid's mom the year before!
Fast and Furious	action	Los Angeles street racer Dominic Toretto falls under the suspicion of the LAPD as a string of high-speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area. Brian O'Connor, an officer of the LAPD, joins the ranks of Toretto's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict Toretto. However, O'Connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with Toretto's sister, Mia. As a rival racing crew gains strength, O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies.
10 Things I Ate About You	romance	In Padua Hills, a fictional town near Seattle, new sophomore student Cameron (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) instantly falls head over heels for the girl of his dreams: popular and wealthy sophomore Bianca (Larisa Oleynik), but learns that her father has prohibited her from dating until her ill-tempered, hot-headed older sister Kat (Julia Stiles), who is a senior and eagerly awaiting the moment she can leave town for college in the fall, gets a boyfriend. In attempt to solve his problem, Cameron's new friend, the wealthy aspiring model and self-absorbed senior Joey Donner (Andrew Keegan) finds the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: Patrick Verona, a mysterious bad boy who is a junior and has a nasty reputation of his own. For $500, Patrick has to go out and break Kat's heart before the end of the school year, but while hanging out with her, he develops feelings for her as she becomes more vulnerable to him than she has with anyone else.
O Rei Leao	animation	After being anointed as the next king of the jungle, young lion cub Simba is every bit as eager to take his proud father Mufasa's place as the king. However, this makes Simba's villainous uncle Scar jealous of him. But when Mufasa is suddenly murdered by Scar, Simba feels responsible for his death and runs away from home. Meeting up with two outcasts named Timon and Pumbaa, Simba embraces their ways of 'Hakuna Matata'. Years later, approached by his childhood friend Nala and the wise baboon Rafiki, Simba must return home to stop Scar's evil reign and fulfill his destiny as the new king.
Django Unchained	western	Django Unchained is set in the Old South, three years before the Civil War, and follows Django (Jamie Foxx), a freed slave who treks across America with the German dentist turned bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz). The unorthodox Schultz is after the Brittle brothers, and he acquires Django to help him catch them dead or alive, after which he promises to free Django. Furthermore, Schultz promises to help retrieve Django's wife Broomhilda (Kerry Washington) from the charming but sadistic Francophile plantation owner Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his entourage of ruthless slavers. Candie's plantation, known as "Candyland", where slaves are trained by Billy Crash (Walton Goggins) to battle it out gladiator-style, known as "mandingo fighting." Django and Schultz enter the compound under false pretensions to search for Broomhilda, but soon arouse the suspicion of Stepen (Samuel L. Jackson), Candie's trusted house slave. After that, they must choose between independence and solidarity, and between sacrifice and survival in order to escape safely with Broomhilda.
Fada Oriana	action	Sophia said that fairies are beings of nature. With this, she wanted to remind us that they are born from our ability to attribute life, will, and intentions to the world of nature. In *The Fairy Oriana*, we find the gift of protection over the more fragile beings living in a forest, as well as the very human fluctuations between solidarity, a sense of responsibility, selfishness, and vanity. We encounter, as is typical of many traditional tales for children, the adventures of a struggle between good and evil.
Diamantes de Sangue	drama	In 1999, in Sierra Leone, the fisherman Solomon Vandy dreams on the day that his young son Dia Vandy will become a doctor. His dreams are shattered when the rebels invade his village and kidnap him to work in the diamond mines. Solomon finds a huge pink diamond and while hiding it, the commandant of the rebels sees, but the rebels are attacked and Salomon is arrested by the government army. While in jail, the wounded commandant tell the prisoners that Salomon found the stone, and the mercenary smuggler Danny Archer from Zimbabwe releases Salomon and proposes to exchange the diamond by his missing family. Using the idealistic American journalist Maddy Bowen, Danny locates the wife and daughters of Salomon in a refugee camp, but is informed that his son has been recruited by the rebels. Salomon and Danny consolidate a partnership, with Salomon looking for and finding his son, and Danny looking for the diamond and finding redemption.
Mad Max	action	Trapped in the barren deserts of the dystopian Wasteland, lone road warrior Max Rockatansky struggles to stay one step ahead of the water-controlling overlord Immortan Joe and the Wild Boys, his loyal gang of marauders. But life in the carcass of civilisation is cheap. And to further complicate matters, Max then crosses paths with fearless Imperator Furiosa: one of Joe's elite lieutenants and a traitor--she has just fled the Citadel in her heavily armoured truck, The War Rig, absconding with an irreplaceable quintet of wives. Now, there is no turning back. As the powerful tyrant and his unstoppable horde of delusional zealots hunt them down with murderous intent, Max and Furiosa will need all the help they can get to stay alive. However, do they have what it takes to cheat death and live to tell the tale?
Harry Potter e a Pedra Filosofal	sci-fi	Harry Potter is an average bespectacled eleven-year-old boy who has lived with the Dursley family ever since his parents died in a car crash. For some reason, the family has always mistreated him. On his eleventh birthday, a giant man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) hands him a letter telling him that he has been accepted as a student at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry learns that his parents were wizards and were killed by the evil wizard Voldemort (Richard Bremmer), a truth that was hidden from him all these years. He embarks for his new life as a student, gathering two good friends Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) along the way. They soon learn that something very valuable is hidden somewhere inside the school and Voldemort is very anxious to lay his hands on it.
Exorcist	horror	The film opens at an archaeological dig in Hatra, Iraq, where aged priest Fr. Lankester Merrin is given a stone talisman of the demon Pazuzu, which troubles him due to its dark history. The story shifts to Georgetown, where actress Chris MacNeil is filming a movie and living with her 12-year-old daughter, Regan. Regan begins using a Ouija board, contacting what she calls “Captain Howdy,” which leads to strange and disturbing behavior, including theft and unexplained supernatural occurrences.During a party, Regan shocks guests by warning an astronaut that he will die and then urinating on the floor. Chris seeks medical help for Regan, but doctors find her physically healthy, opting to sedate her instead. After Regan’s friend Burke Dennings is found dead under mysterious circumstances, Lt. William investigates, with psychiatrist and priest Fr. Damien Karras assisting.As Regan’s condition worsens, exhibiting signs of possession, Fr. Karras seeks to perform an exorcism. Fr. Merrin joins him, and they confront the demon, who taunts them and exacerbates Fr. Karras’s crisis of faith. Merrin ultimately succumbs to exhaustion during the ritual, and Fr. Karras, in a desperate act, challenges the demon, allowing it to possess him. He sacrifices himself by jumping out of a window to save Regan.
Brooklin Nine-Nine	comedy	Set in the fictional 99th Precinct of the New York City Police Department in Brooklyn, Brooklyn Nine-Nine follows a team of detectives headed by newly appointed Captain Raymond Holt. Among the detectives is Jake Peralta who frequently tops the squad in collars despite his relaxed, carefree attitude, much to the annoyance of his more by-the-book colleague, Amy Santiago. Charles Boyle is a reliable but quirky detective whose emotions can sometimes go wild, as opposed to the stoic and mysterious Rosa Diaz. The final two detectives, Michael Hitchcock and Norm Scully, are older and often incompetent, although not without their usefulness. The detectives report to Sergeant Terry Jeffords a devoted family man who is initially afraid to go back to active police work for fear that he might die in the line of duty and thus leave his children without a father. Rounding out the precinct is sarcastic civilian administrator Gina Linetti who seems to value everything like dancing and her social life over work, and does anything to avoid her job.
Romeo and Juliet	romance	Romeo and Juliet is a play written by Shakespeare. It is a tragic love story where the two main characters, Romeo and Juliet, are supposed to be sworn enemies but fall in love. Due to their families' ongoing conflict, they cannot be together, so they kill themselves because they cannot cope with being separated from one another. Romeo and Juliet is a Shakespearean tragedy
Toy Story	animation	In Toy Story, a group of sentient toys, led by Sheriff Woody, is preparing to move into a new house with their owner Andy Davis, his baby sister Molly, and their mother, Mrs. Davis. When Andy's birthday party is moved up, the toys worry that he might receive a new toy that will replace them. At the party, Andy gets a Buzz Lightyear action figure, who believes he is a real Space Ranger, sparking jealousy in Woody.As the move approaches, Woody tries to ensure he goes with Andy instead of Buzz, but ends up accidentally knocking Buzz out of the window. After a series of events, Woody and Buzz find themselves left behind and hitch a ride to Pizza Planet. There, Buzz mistakenly believes he can fly and falls into the hands of Sid, Andy's sadistic neighbor. Sid plans to blow Buzz up with a firework, but Woody helps Buzz realize his purpose as a toy is to bring joy to Andy.Together, they escape from Sid and pursue Andy's moving truck. After a battle with Sid's dog Scud, Woody and Buzz manage to reunite and hitch a ride back to the truck. Using a rocket strapped to Buzz, they successfully land in the moving truck, where they are reunited with the other toys. In their new home, they listen as Andy opens Christmas gifts, and while Mr. Potato Head is happy with Molly's new Mrs. Potato Head, Woody and Buzz nervously anticipate the arrival of a dachshund puppy.
The Island	crime	In the film The Island, set in a dystopian future, Lincoln Six Echo and Jordan Two Delta live in a controlled compound, believing the outside world is too contaminated to support life. They are led to think that only one resident can leave each week to a pathogen-free island via a lottery.Lincoln begins having strange dreams and, after discovering a moth, realizes the outside world is not contaminated. He learns that the lottery is a ruse to select residents for organ harvesting by their wealthy sponsors, of whom they are clones. Upon this revelation, Lincoln escapes with Jordan just as she is chosen for the lottery.They venture into the desert, where they meet technician James McCord, who explains that all residents are clones conditioned to be ignorant of their true purpose. McCord helps them reach the Yucca maglev station to escape to Los Angeles.Once in LA, they discover Lincoln's sponsor, yacht designer Tom Lincoln, and learn about their origins. However, Tom betrays them to Dr. Merrick, the compound's scientist, who needs Lincoln's organs to survive. After a car chase, Lincoln kills Merrick and, with the help of mercenary Laurent, liberates the other clones, allowing them to see the real world for the first time.In the end, Lincoln and Jordan sail away together, fulfilling their dream of reaching the island.
Bohemian Rapsody	drama	The film Bohemian Rhapsody begins in 1985, with Queen waiting backstage to perform at Live Aid. Flashback to 1970, when Farrokh Bulsara, later known as Freddie Mercury, is a baggage handler at Heathrow Airport. He attends a Smile concert and meets Mary Austin, starting a romantic relationship. After learning that Smile's lead singer has left, Farrokh auditions for the band, impressing drummer Roger Taylor and guitarist Brian May. They rename the band Queen, with Farrokh as Freddie Mercury and new bassist John Deacon. As they gain traction, Freddie proposes to Mary but struggles with his sexuality. In 1975, they record *A Night at the Opera*, focusing on "Bohemian Rhapsody," which becomes a global hit despite initial resistance from their record label. Freddie's bisexuality strains his engagement with Mary, leading to a close friendship instead. In the early 1980s, tensions rise as Freddie's relationship with manager Paul Prenter grows complicated. After a disastrous press conference, Freddie's solo career begins, leading to a rift with the band. He immerses himself in a hedonistic lifestyle, but after a wake-up call from Mary, he realizes the need to return to Queen for the upcoming Live Aid concert.Freddie learns he has AIDS and decides to keep his diagnosis private. The band reunites for Live Aid, where they perform iconic hits like "Bohemian Rhapsody," "Radio Ga Ga," and "We Are the Champions," uniting fans and raising significant donations. Freddie reconnects with loved ones, embodying his father's Zoroastrian values as he embraces his legacy with Queen.
Saw	horror	In the film Saw, Adam, a photographer, wakes up in a grimy bathtub, chained to a pipe. Across from him is Dr. Lawrence Gordon, an oncologist, and between them lies a corpse clutching a revolver and a microcassette recorder. Both men find tapes in their pockets: Adam's tape encourages him to survive, while Gordon's warns him that he must kill Adam by 6:00 or his family will be killed.After listening to the tapes, they discover clues leading to a bag with hacksaws in the toilet. They attempt to saw through their chains, but Adam's saw breaks, leading Gordon to realize they are meant to sever their feet instead. He deduces they are victims of the Jigsaw Killer, a notorious serial killer known for his gruesome "games" that test his victims' will to live.The story flashes back to five months earlier, when Gordon, discussing a terminal patient named John Kramer, is questioned by detectives David Tapp and Steven Sing regarding a Jigsaw case. Although cleared of suspicion, Gordon later watches footage from a survivor, Amanda Young, which leads Tapp and Sing to find Jigsaw's hideout. They capture him but he escapes, leaving Tapp obsessed with the case.In the present, Gordon's family is held captive, being monitored by Zep Hindle, an orderly at Gordon's hospital. Tapp, now obsessed, tries to save them but is injured. Meanwhile, Zep threatens Gordon's family, but they manage to fight back. In a desperate attempt to escape, Gordon saws off his foot and shoots Adam, who survives and kills Zep.However, as Gordon escapes, he learns the shocking truth: the corpse is actually John Kramer, the Jigsaw Killer. John reveals that the key to Adam's chain was in the bathtub, lost when Adam drained the water. Attempting to shoot John, Adam is met with a jolt of electricity from his chain. John leaves, sealing the door and leaving Adam to his fate. The film ends on a grim note, highlighting the twisted morality of Jigsaw's games.
The Pursuit of Happiness	drama	William is persuaded by his aunt Ruth to visit his estranged father, opting for the trip over spending time with his girlfriend, Jane (Barbara Hershey). On his way, in heavy rain and poor visibility, William accidentally hits and kills a woman. Despite no witnesses to the accident, he turns himself into the police, where it's revealed that he has no driver's license or insurance. His lawyer, Daniel Lawrence, along with his father, John Popper, advise him against taking drastic actions, but William feels compelled to visit the family of the deceased woman to apologize, which only worsens their grief.William’s family, led by his domineering grandmother, tries to navigate the legal situation by suggesting a character analysis of the victim, revealing the family's elitist and prejudiced attitudes. William, on the other hand, feels disconnected from both his wealthy family and the legal world.Despite his efforts, William is convicted of criminal negligence and sentenced to one year in prison. Before his sentence begins, he spends a weekend with Jane, his girlfriend. In prison, he befriends former senator James J. Moran and another inmate, George Wilson, who is later killed in a stabbing. When William is called to testify at the murder trial, the defense twists his involvement in helping Wilson write a letter into insinuations about his sexuality, leading William to feel increasingly alienated by the legal system.During a court recess, William escapes custody and goes on the run. He reunites with Jane and they begin plotting an escape to Canada, aided by his friend Melvin. However, their plans take several turns: William’s grandmother gives him money, he buys a car, but it breaks down before they can leave the city. They then decide to flee to Mexico instead, and with the help of a shady pilot, they take off, flying past the Statue of Liberty as they head towards an uncertain future.
Ratatouille	animation	Remy is a young rat with an extraordinary sense of taste and smell, and he aspires to become a chef like his human idol, Auguste Gusteau. However, his family, including his brother Émile and father Django, are focused solely on survival and are wary of humans. After an incident forces their rat colony to flee their home, Remy gets separated and winds up in Paris, near Gusteau’s famous restaurant.While exploring, Remy sees Alfredo Linguini, the restaurant’s new garbage boy, accidentally ruin a soup. Remy, eager to cook, fixes the soup, and when it turns out to be a hit, Linguini secretly partners with Remy, allowing the rat to control him like a puppet by pulling on his hair. Together, they recreate the dish and cook more meals, all while hiding Remy's true involvement from Skinner, the restaurant's corrupt head chef.As Linguini rises to fame, Skinner discovers that Linguini is actually Gusteau’s biological son and the rightful heir to the restaurant. However, Remy manages to expose this truth, and Linguini takes over the restaurant, displacing Skinner. With Remy's help, the restaurant flourishes, and Linguini starts a relationship with Colette, one of the chefs.However, things take a turn when famed and feared food critic Anton Ego announces he will review the restaurant. After a falling out between Remy and Linguini, Remy’s rat colony raids the restaurant, but Remy eventually reconciles with Linguini. The entire kitchen staff quits when they learn that a rat has been doing the cooking, leaving only Colette to help.In the climax, Remy leads the rats in the kitchen and prepares a version of ratatouille that astonishes Ego, reminding him of his childhood. Ego writes a glowing review, but soon after, the restaurant is closed due to health code violations after Skinner and a health inspector expose the rats.Despite this, Remy, Linguini, and Colette open a new bistro called La Ratatouille, with Ego as a regular customer and investor, and the rats living comfortably in the attic above the restaurant. The story concludes with Remy achieving his dream of becoming a renowned chef, proving that "anyone can cook".
Teddy 2	comedy	Srividya, alias Sri, a college student, ends up in a hospital after helping a person in an accident and is placed in an artificially induced coma. Mysteriously, her soul transfers into a teddy bear. Shiva, an unemployed graduate with eidetic memory and OCD, stumbles upon the teddy bear inhabited by Sri's soul and soon realizes the situation is real.Sri convinces Shiva to help her find her body. Their journey leads them to discover that Sri’s body has been taken as part of a large medical scam run by Dr. Varadharajan, who induces comas in people to harvest their organs for wealthy clients. With the help of the police, Shiva exposes the scam and rescues Sri’s body. When she regains consciousness, Sri has no memory of Shiva or his efforts to save her.A year later, Sri begins to develop feelings for Shiva, and they eventually get married. However, a strange twist remains—whenever Sri falls asleep, her soul still transfers to the teddy bear, suggesting a lingering connection to the mysterious events.
La La Land	romance	Sebastian "Seb" Wilder is a passionate jazz pianist, and Mia Dolan is an aspiring actress. After a brief encounter during a traffic jam, their paths cross again at a party, and despite a rocky start, they bond over their shared dreams of success in Los Angeles. Seb wants to open a jazz club, while Mia hopes to become a successful actress.As they fall in love, Seb encourages Mia to write and perform her own one-woman play, while Mia supports Seb's career choices. However, as Seb joins a successful but compromising jazz fusion band, tensions arise. Mia believes Seb is abandoning his true passion, and Seb feels that Mia doesn't support his need for stability. Their relationship faces more strain when Seb misses Mia's play due to his career commitments, leading Mia to return to her hometown in Nevada.Seb later persuades Mia to attend a life-changing audition, which leads to her becoming a successful actress. Despite their deep love, they drift apart as their careers flourish in different directions.Five years later, Mia, now married with a child, stumbles upon Seb's jazz club. They share a silent but meaningful acknowledgment of what they had and what might have been, before parting ways with a smile, recognizing that their dreams and love for each other led them to where they are, even if it wasn't together.
The Ring	horror	Teenagers Katie and Becca discuss an urban legend about a cursed videotape that kills anyone who watches it after seven days. When Katie is mysteriously killed after watching the tape, her aunt Rachel, a journalist, is asked to investigate. Rachel watches the tape and receives a phone call ominously saying, "Seven days." As supernatural events unfold, Rachel enlists the help of her ex-husband, Noah, and soon discovers that their young son Aidan has also viewed the tape.Rachel traces the origins of the tape to a tragic story about Anna Morgan, a horse breeder who committed suicide after her horses drowned. Rachel learns that Anna had an adopted daughter, Samara, who had the psychic ability to project terrifying images into people's minds. Samara's adoptive father, Richard, believes she is evil and kills himself, but Rachel finds out that Samara was kept isolated in a barn loft and was eventually thrown into a well by Anna, where she survived for seven days before dying.Believing that Samara's vengeful spirit caused the curse, Rachel finds her remains in the well and gives her a proper burial. However, Aidan warns that helping Samara was a mistake. Rachel realizes this too late when Samara's ghost kills Noah by crawling out of his TV. Rachel then deduces that the only way to survive is to copy the tape and have someone else watch it, thus passing on the curse.
Green Book	drama	Tony Lip, a tough bouncer from the Bronx, is hired as a driver and bodyguard for Dr. Don Shirley, an accomplished African American pianist. Together, they embark on a concert tour through the racially segregated South. Tony receives The Negro Motorist Green Book, a guide to safe accommodations for Black travelers in the South. Initially, Tony and Don clash due to their contrasting personalities and backgrounds—Tony is unpolished and streetwise, while Don is cultured and reserved. However, as they face racism and discrimination throughout the tour, Tony becomes increasingly protective of Don, and the two develop a mutual respect.During their journey, Tony helps Don connect more with his emotions, while Don helps Tony become more refined, including assisting him with writing heartfelt letters to his wife. The two encounter various challenges, including violent threats and run-ins with the law. In one instance, Don calls Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to secure their release from jail after a wrongful arrest.The climax of the film occurs when Don is refused service in a white-only dining room before a performance in Birmingham, Alabama. He refuses to play and instead joins Tony for dinner at a black blues club, where Don plays the piano to the delight of the crowd. After the tour, the two men return to New York just in time for Christmas. Although initially hesitant, Don eventually accepts Tony's invitation to join his family for Christmas dinner, where he is warmly welcomed, signaling the deep bond that has formed between the two.
Iron Man	action	Tony Stark, a wealthy and brilliant defense contractor, is captured by a terrorist group known as the Ten Rings while demonstrating his company’s new missile in Afghanistan. Severely wounded by one of his own company's weapons, Stark is saved by Yinsen, a fellow captive, who installs an electromagnet in his chest to prevent shrapnel from reaching his heart. The Ten Rings demand Stark build them a missile, but instead, he and Yinsen secretly construct an armored suit powered by an arc reactor to help them escape. Yinsen sacrifices himself during their escape, and Stark returns to the U.S., vowing to stop making weapons.Back home, Stark refines the suit and the arc reactor, but his decision to cease weapons production angers Obadiah Stane, his father's business partner. Stark learns that Stane has been secretly supplying the Ten Rings with Stark Industries' weapons and was behind his capture. Stark dons his new suit and fights back against the terrorists, becoming a hero known as Iron Man. Stane, however, creates a larger suit to challenge Stark. In a final battle, Stark instructs his assistant Pepper Potts to overload Stark Industries' main reactor, causing an explosion that kills Stane.In the aftermath, Stark publicly admits to being Iron Man, embracing his new identity as a superhero.
Interstellar	sci-fi	In 2067, Earth is on the verge of collapse due to a global blight. Former NASA test pilot Joseph Cooper is recruited by NASA to pilot a mission through a wormhole near Saturn, aiming to find a habitable planet. Cooper’s daughter, Murph, begs him to stay, but he promises to return. Cooper joins a team of scientists—Amelia, Romilly, and Doyle—along with two intelligent robots, TARS and CASE, aboard the spacecraft Endurance.After entering the wormhole, they explore planets orbiting a supermassive black hole called Gargantua. The first planet is a dangerous ocean world, where time dilation near the black hole causes a 23-year loss while they are stuck there, resulting in Romilly aging significantly on the Endurance. The team is forced to move on to the next planet due to their dwindling fuel supply.Meanwhile, back on Earth, now in 2092, an adult Murph works with Dr. Brand, Amelia’s father, on a gravity equation to help humanity escape Earth. Brand reveals on his deathbed that the equation cannot be solved without information from inside a black hole. Murph, now questioning her father's departure, continues working on the problem.On the second planet, a frozen world, they awaken Mann, another explorer who has been in cryostasis. However, Mann has falsified data to lure them in, leading to a confrontation that results in Romilly's death and severe damage to the Endurance. Mann dies in a failed docking attempt, leaving the remaining crew with limited resources. Cooper and Amelia chart a dangerous course near Gargantua, using a gravity assist, but Cooper and TARS sacrifice themselves to give Amelia the best chance of survival on the final planet.Cooper falls into the black hole and finds himself in a tesseract—a structure where he can interact with different moments in time through Murph’s childhood bedroom. He realizes that future humans created the tesseract to allow him to communicate with Murph. Using her old wristwatch, he transmits data from the black hole's singularity, allowing Murph to solve the gravity equation and save humanity.After the tesseract collapses, Cooper is ejected and rescued in the year 2156. He reunites with an elderly Murph on her deathbed, who encourages him to find Amelia. The film ends with Amelia on the third planet, having found a habitable world for humanity’s future.
Lupin	crime	The story follows professional thief Assane Diop, the only son of an immigrant from Senegal who had come to France to seek a better life for himself and his child. Assane's father is framed for the theft of an expensive diamond necklace by his employer, the wealthy and powerful Hubert Pellegrini, and dies in his prison cell, leaving the fourteen-year-old Assane to fend for himself on the streets of Paris. Twenty-five years later, inspired by a book about gentleman thief Arsène Lupin his father had given him on his birthday, Assane sets out to get revenge on the Pellegrini family, using his charisma and mastery of thievery, subterfuge, and disguise to expose Pellegrini's crimes.The second part focuses on the search for Assane's kidnapped son, Raoul, and the plan to take Pellegrini down; the latter was not killed but imprisoned. The third part revolves around the theft of "the priceless Black Pearl" by Assane, and his attempt to mend the relationships with his wife and son.
Meg: Tubarão Gigante	action	Hidden beneath the primordial crust of the Philippine Sea Plate, the most unexplored realm on the planet, is discovered the remains of the Panthalassa, a secret vast and isolated ocean dating back 220 million years inhabited by nightmarish sea creatures long believed extinct. Four years since the birth of the megalodon (meg) Angel's new litter of pups in Meg: Primal Waters, they have grown far too numerous and aggressive to keep in one pen of California's Tanaka Institute, Monterey, and a Dubai royal prince seeking to build the largest aquarium in the world seeks to purchase two of the "runts" (named after Belle Gunness)―if Jonas Taylor's twenty-one year-old son, David, will be their handler, under Captain Timon Singh. Jonas reluctantly agrees, and David heads off to Dubai for "the summer of his life", unaware that he is being set up to lead an expedition that will hunt down and capture the most dangerous creature ever to inhabit the Earth.
Matrix	sci-fi	At an abandoned hotel, Trinity, a woman with superhuman abilities, is pursued by police and mysterious agents but escapes by answering a ringing phone. Meanwhile, Thomas Anderson, a computer programmer and hacker known as Neo, encounters strange messages about "the Matrix." Neo is contacted by Trinity, who introduces him to Morpheus, a man who promises to reveal the truth about the Matrix. However, Neo is apprehended by agents, led by Agent Smith, who offer to erase his record if he helps them find Morpheus. When Neo refuses, they implant a robotic bug in him, but Trinity soon removes it and takes Neo to meet Morpheus.Morpheus offers Neo a choice: take a red pill to learn the truth about the Matrix or a blue pill to return to his normal life. Neo chooses the red pill and awakens in a pod, realizing he has been living in a simulated reality. Morpheus explains that in the future, intelligent machines enslaved humanity, using them as a power source while keeping their minds trapped in the Matrix, a simulation of the world in 1999. Morpheus and his crew are part of a rebel group attempting to free humanity. They operate from the Nebuchadnezzar, a ship in the real world, and hack into the Matrix to liberate minds.Neo begins training and displays impressive abilities within the Matrix, leading Morpheus to believe he is "the One," a prophesied savior who will end the war between humans and machines. Neo is introduced to the Oracle, a program that predicts events within the Matrix. She suggests that Neo is not the One but warns that he will have to choose between saving Morpheus or himself.Betrayed by a crew member named Cypher, the group is ambushed by agents, leading to Morpheus's capture. Cypher kills several crew members before being stopped by Tank, who helps Neo and Trinity escape the Matrix. Neo decides to return to rescue Morpheus, even though the Oracle implied he would not survive. Neo and Trinity succeed in freeing Morpheus, and Neo begins to demonstrate abilities that rival the agents.In a final confrontation, Agent Smith seemingly kills Neo, but he is revived when Trinity confesses her love for him, as foretold by the Oracle. With his newfound powers, Neo can manipulate the Matrix at will, defeating Agent Smith and forcing the remaining agents to flee. Neo exits the Matrix just in time to save the Nebuchadnezzar from a Sentinel attack. In the end, Neo makes a call from within the Matrix, promising to show humanity the truth and flies away, now fully embracing his role as the One.
Titanic	drama	In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team search the wreck of the RMS Titanic for a valuable necklace called the Heart of the Ocean. They find a drawing of a young woman wearing the necklace, dated the day the Titanic sank in 1912. An elderly woman, Rose Dawson Calvert, contacts Lovett, claiming to be the woman in the drawing, and recounts her experiences on the Titanic.In 1912, 17-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater boards the Titanic with her wealthy fiancé, Cal Hockley, and her mother, Ruth. Although pressured into the marriage to save her family's finances, Rose feels trapped and contemplates suicide. She is saved by Jack Dawson, a poor artist who won his ticket in a poker game. The two form a friendship, and Jack later confesses his love for Rose. Despite her family's objections, Rose realizes she has fallen for Jack.One evening, Rose asks Jack to draw her nude wearing only the Heart of the Ocean. Afterward, they evade Cal's servant Lovejoy and have an intimate encounter in the ship's cargo hold. They witness the ship hit an iceberg, and Cal, upon discovering Jack's drawing and a note from Rose, frames Jack for stealing the necklace. Jack is arrested, but Rose helps him escape as the Titanic starts to sink.Cal tries to convince Rose to board a lifeboat by claiming he will save Jack, but Rose jumps back onto the ship to stay with Jack. Cal, in anger, chases them with a gun, but they escape. Cal eventually boards a lifeboat by pretending to be a child's father, while Jack and Rose cling to the stern as the ship breaks in half and sinks. In the freezing waters, Jack helps Rose onto a floating piece of debris but succumbs to the cold while Rose survives. She is rescued by the RMS Carpathia and assumes the name "Rose Dawson" to hide from Cal and her past.In the present, Rose reveals that she had the Heart of the Ocean all along and drops it into the ocean over the Titanic's wreck. That night, she dreams of reuniting with Jack at the Titanic's Grand Staircase, surrounded by the souls of those who died on the ship.
John Wick	action	In New York City, John Wick mourns the recent death of his wife, Helen. To help him cope, she had arranged for a beagle puppy to be delivered after her passing. Shortly after, a group of Russian gangsters led by Iosef Tarasov confronts John at a gas station, trying to intimidate him into selling his prized 1969 Boss 429 Mustang. That night, they break into his home, assault him, kill the puppy, and steal the car.Iosef takes the Mustang to a chop shop, where the owner, Aurelio, recognizes it and refuses to work on it. Aurelio informs John about Iosef's identity, revealing that he is the son of Viggo Tarasov, the head of the Russian mafia in New York City. Viggo reprimands Iosef for provoking John, revealing John's past as a feared hitman known as Baba Yaga. After falling in love with Helen, John had been granted freedom from his violent past by completing an impossible task.Determined to seek revenge, John retrieves his hidden stash of weapons and gold coins from his former life. He rejects Viggo's attempts at reconciliation and kills the hit squad sent to eliminate him. In retaliation, Viggo places a $2 million bounty on John and hires Marcus, John's former mentor, to kill him. John takes refuge in the Continental, a hotel that serves as neutral ground for criminals where business is prohibited. There, Winston, the hotel owner and an old friend of John’s, informs him that Iosef is at a nightclub called Red Circle.John infiltrates the nightclub and confronts Iosef but is forced to retreat after being attacked by Viggo's henchman, Kirill. While recuperating at the Continental, a hitwoman named Ms. Perkins sneaks into John's room but is subdued. She reveals that Viggo has doubled the bounty for her to kill John while hiding valuable assets in a church. John hires another hitman, Harry, to take care of Perkins, but she kills him instead.At the church, John destroys Viggo's stash of cash and blackmail materials. When Viggo arrives to investigate, John assaults him and his men but is captured. He declares to Viggo that he will not stop until Iosef is dead because the puppy gave him hope in his grief. With Marcus's help, John escapes, killing Kirill and forcing Viggo to reveal Iosef's location.John attacks the safe house and kills Iosef, but Perkins informs Viggo of Marcus's betrayal. Viggo has Marcus tortured and killed, taunting John about it afterward. Winston executes Perkins for breaking Continental rules and informs John that Viggo is trying to leave the city by helicopter. John races to New York Harbor, where he fights and mortally wounds Viggo.Injured and resigned to his fate, John watches a video of Helen urging him to return home. He breaks into an animal clinic, treats his wounds, and adopts a pit bull puppy set to be euthanized, symbolizing a new beginning as he walks home.
Tangled	animation	A magic flower with healing properties allows an old woman named Gothel to retain her youth. When soldiers from the kingdom of Corona use the flower to save their pregnant queen, she gives birth to Rapunzel, whose magical hair retains the flower’s powers. Gothel kidnaps Rapunzel and raises her in a hidden tower, where she is kept away from the outside world.On the eve of her 18th birthday, Rapunzel yearns to see the sky lanterns released by her parents each year. When thief Flynn Rider stumbles into her tower, she makes a deal with him to take her to see the lanterns in exchange for returning a stolen crown. They face numerous challenges together, including escaping from the royal guards and Gothel.After enjoying a day of freedom and love, Gothel discovers their plans and takes Rapunzel back to the tower. When Eugene (Flynn) returns to rescue her, he is stabbed by Gothel. Rapunzel promises to stay with Gothel if she can heal him, but Eugene sacrifices her magic hair to save her from Gothel. In the end, one of Rapunzel's tears, still containing magic, revives Eugene. The story concludes with Rapunzel reuniting with her birth parents and marrying Eugene, celebrating their freedom and love.
The Menu	horror	Foodie Tyler Ledford and his date Margot Mills arrive at Hawthorn, an exclusive restaurant on a private island run by celebrity chef Julian Slowik. They join a group of wealthy guests, including a food critic, regular patrons, and a washed-up movie star. The evening unfolds with unsettling courses, during which Slowik reveals uncomfortable truths about each guest. Tensions escalate when a sous-chef commits suicide, and guests face brutal consequences for attempting to leave.As the night progresses, Slowik declares that everyone will die, revealing that Margot was an unexpected guest. She confesses to being an escort and exposes Tyler’s obsession with Slowik's craft. In a twist, Margot manages to escape after a confrontation with Slowik’s jealous staff member, Elsa, and cleverly calls for help, though the Coast Guard officer is actually a line cook in disguise.In a final act of defiance, Margot requests a simple cheeseburger, which Slowik prepares with joy, allowing her to leave with it. The restaurant is set ablaze during the dessert course, killing everyone inside. Margot watches the inferno from a boat, enjoying her cheeseburger and dismissively wiping her mouth with the menu.
Narcos	crime	Season 1 chronicles the life of Pablo Escobar from the late 1970s, when he first began manufacturing cocaine, to July 1992. The show is told from the perspective of Steve Murphy, an American DEA agent working in Colombia. The series depicts how Escobar first became involved in the cocaine trade in Colombia. He was an established black marketeer in Medellín, moving trucks of illegal goods (alcohol, cigarettes, and household appliances) into Colombia during a time when this was strictly forbidden, when he was introduced to Mateo "Cockroach" Moreno, a Chilean exile and underground chemist, who pitched the idea that they go into business together, with Moreno producing and Escobar distributing a new, profitable drug—cocaine.They expand beyond Moreno's small cocaine processing lab by building additional, larger labs in the rainforest and, using the expertise of Carlos Lehder, transport their product in bulk to Miami, where it gains notoriety amongst the rich and famous. Soon enough, Pablo develops larger labs and more extensive distribution routes into the United States to supply growing demand. With cocaine's growth into a drug of importance in the American market, one that accounts for a large flow of U.S. dollars to Colombia and escalating drug-related violence in the United States, the Americans send a task force from the DEA to Colombia to address the issue. Murphy is partnered with Javier Peña. The purpose of Murphy's task force is to work with the Colombian authorities, led by Colonel Carrillo, to put an end to the flow of cocaine into the United States. The season ends with Escobar's escape from the prison.
Jane the virgin	comedy	Set in Miami, the series details the surprising and dramatic events that take place in the life of Jane Gloriana Villanueva, a hard-working, religious, young, Venezuelan-American woman with a love for writing and telenovelas. Jane's vow to her grandmother to save her virginity until marriage is complicated when a doctor mistakenly artificially inseminates her during a checkup. To make matters worse, the biological father, Rafael, is a married man, a former playboy, and a cancer survivor who is both the new owner of the hotel where Jane works and her former teenage crush. Jane's predicament is made more awkward as her mistaken insemination used Rafael's final frozen sample and is the last chance for Rafael to become a father.In addition to adjusting to pregnancy and then her motherhood, Jane is faced with many questions about her professional career future and the daunting prospect of choosing between the father of her baby or her detective boyfriend, whom she had been with for two years before the events of the series. As the series evolves, the issues shift as her child grows into a toddler, her writing career moves forward, and her family members likewise develop independent plotlines. Some of these plotlines include issues with immigration status, health concerns, and lessons of self-discovery.
Joker	action	Arthur Fleck, a struggling clown and aspiring comedian living with his mother in Gotham City, suffers from a neurological disorder that causes uncontrollable laughter. After being attacked by youths, his co-worker gives him a gun for self-defense. Arthur's life spirals when he accidentally exposes the gun while working at a children's hospital and is subsequently fired. He later kills three businessmen in self-defense on the subway, sparking a movement where protesters don clown masks in his image.As Arthur's mental state deteriorates, he learns about his possible parentage from a letter and confronts Thomas Wayne, who denies being his father. Arthur's mother suffers a stroke, and he ultimately smothers her in the hospital. Invited to appear on a late-night talk show hosted by his idol, Murray Franklin, Arthur plans to commit suicide live on air. However, during the broadcast, he instead confesses to his crimes and shoots Murray, sparking riots across Gotham.Amidst the chaos, Arthur is freed by rioters after a police car crash, and he revels in the anarchy, culminating in a scene where he dances on top of a police car with a bloodied smile. The film concludes with Arthur in Arkham, laughing to himself and leaving a trail of bloodied shoeprints as he is pursued by an orderly.
The Great Gatsby	drama	In December 1929, Nick Carraway, a World War I veteran in a psychiatric hospital, recounts the story of Jay Gatsby to his doctor. Seven years earlier, in the summer of 1922, Nick moves to West Egg, New York, renting a cottage next to Gatsby's extravagant mansion. He reconnects with his cousin Daisy Buchanan and her husband, Tom. Daisy introduces Nick to Jordan Baker, a golfer, while Gatsby throws lavish parties hoping to reunite with Daisy, whom he loved before the war.Nick learns about Gatsby’s past and his longing for Daisy, leading to an affair after Nick invites her to tea. Tension builds when Tom becomes suspicious, culminating in a confrontation at the Plaza Hotel, where Gatsby admits his affair with Daisy. Afterward, Myrtle, Tom's mistress, is killed in a hit-and-run involving Gatsby's car. Tom manipulates the situation, leading George, Myrtle's husband, to believe Gatsby is responsible.Gatsby, still hoping for Daisy's love, is eventually killed by George in a fit of revenge, mistaking him for the lover of his wife. Nick, devastated by Gatsby's death and disillusioned with the people around him, attends the funeral alone. As he reflects on Gatsby's unwavering hope, he finishes writing his memoir, which he titles The Great Gatsby.
The Lord of the Rings:The Fellowship of the Ring	action	n the Second Age of Middle-earth, the Dark Lord Sauron forges the One Ring to dominate the other Rings of Power, leading to a final alliance of Elves and Men against him. Isildur severs Sauron's finger, claiming the Ring but succumbing to its corrupting power. After losing the Ring for 2,500 years, it is found by Gollum and later by hobbit Bilbo Baggins, who unknowingly inherits it.Sixty years later, Bilbo celebrates his birthday and leaves the Shire, passing the Ring to his nephew Frodo. Gandalf discovers the Ring's dark history and warns Frodo to leave the Shire as Sauron's forces search for it. Frodo, accompanied by Sam, Merry, and Pippin, escapes but is pursued by the Nazgûl. In Bree, they meet Strider (Aragorn), who guides them to Rivendell, where they seek counsel after Gandalf's return.At a council led by Elrond, it is decided the Ring must be destroyed in Mount Doom. Frodo volunteers to take the Ring, joined by the Fellowship: Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Legolas, Gimli, Boromir, and Aragorn. They attempt to cross the mountains but face Saruman's spies, forcing them to travel through the Mines of Moria. There, they battle Orcs and a Balrog, resulting in Gandalf’s fall into the abyss.The Fellowship continues to Lothlórien, where Galadriel warns Frodo of the Ring's corrupting power. As they journey downriver, Boromir, influenced by the Ring, attempts to take it from Frodo. The Fellowship is ambushed by Uruk-hai, leading to Boromir’s heroic sacrifice to protect Merry and Pippin. Fearing the Ring's influence, Frodo decides to journey to Mordor alone, but Sam insists on accompanying him. Meanwhile, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli set off to rescue their captured friends.
Manchester by the Sea	drama	Lee Chandler is a depressed janitor living in Quincy, Massachusetts. He learns of his brother Joe’s death and travels to Manchester-by-the-Sea, where he must inform Joe’s teenage son, Patrick, of the tragic news. After Joe's funeral arrangements, Lee discovers he has been named Patrick's legal guardian, forcing him to confront his painful past.Flashbacks reveal that Lee once had a family in Manchester with his wife, Randi, and their three children. A devastating accident occurs when a house fire, started by an intoxicated Lee, claims the lives of his children. This tragedy leads to Lee's divorce and his decision to leave town.As Lee struggles with the responsibility of guardianship, he hesitates to move back to Manchester permanently. Patrick, who has strong ties to the community, resists the idea of leaving for Boston and wishes to reconnect with his estranged mother, Elise, despite her troubled past with alcoholism.Their relationship becomes strained as they navigate their grief and the complexities of their lives. Lee attempts to support Patrick while dealing with his own emotional turmoil, especially after an encounter with Randi that leaves him deeply affected.In an effort to protect Patrick from his own pain, Lee arranges for him to live with Joe’s friends, allowing Patrick to stay in Manchester. He explains to Patrick that he cannot remain there himself, emphasizing that he feels unable to cope with the memories of his past.In the end, after Joe's burial, Lee assures Patrick that he can visit him in Boston, and they share a quiet moment fishing on Joe’s boat, symbolizing a glimmer of hope amidst their shared sorrow.
The Human Centipede	horror	Lindsay and Jenny, two American tourists, become stranded in the German countryside and seek help at the home of Dr. Josef Heiter, a deranged surgeon. He drugs and kidnaps them, along with a Japanese tourist, Katsuro. Heiter, once famous for separating Siamese twins, now aims to surgically connect his victims mouth-to-anus to create a "human centipede" sharing a single digestive system.Heiter proceeds with the surgery, placing Katsuro at the front, Lindsay in the middle, and Jenny at the rear. The victims endure horrific conditions as Heiter tries to train his grotesque creation. The situation worsens as Jenny falls ill from sepsis, while Katsuro confronts Heiter before taking his own life.Two detectives investigating the disappearance of the tourists are drugged and ultimately killed by Heiter. In the final moments, Heiter is shot dead, leaving Lindsay, the sole survivor, trapped between the dead bodies of Katsuro and Jenny, completely alone in the nightmarish scenario.
2001: A Space Odyssey	sci-fi	In prehistoric times, a tribe of hominins is driven away from its water hole by a rival tribe. The next day, the tribe encounters a mysterious alien monolith. After the encounter, they learn how to use bones as tools and weapons, which they use to reclaim their territory. This moment marks the dawn of human evolution.Millions of years later, Dr. Heywood Floyd, a prominent astronaut, travels to the Moon's Clavius Base to investigate another monolith discovered near the Tycho crater. Upon examining it, the monolith emits a powerful radio signal directed towards Jupiter.Eighteen months later, the spacecraft Discovery One is on a mission to Jupiter, manned by astronauts Dr. Dave Bowman, Dr. Frank Poole, and three others in suspended animation. Most of the ship's operations are controlled by HAL 9000, a highly advanced AI with human-like traits. When HAL predicts a fault in the ship's equipment, Bowman and Poole grow suspicious, especially after Mission Control suggests HAL may have made an error. The astronauts discuss disconnecting HAL, but HAL reads their lips and plots against them.During a spacewalk, HAL causes Poole's death and kills the crew in suspended animation by shutting down their life support systems. Bowman narrowly re-enters the ship and deactivates HAL, despite HAL's pleas for mercy. Afterward, Bowman learns the true purpose of the mission: to investigate the monolith's radio transmission to Jupiter.Arriving at Jupiter, Bowman encounters a much larger monolith orbiting the planet. He exits the Discovery One in an EVA pod to explore it and is pulled into a vortex of strange phenomena. He experiences visions of celestial landscapes before finding himself in an elegant, neoclassical room where he progressively ages, transitioning from middle age to old age. As he lies on his deathbed, a monolith appears, and Bowman is transformed into a star-child, a glowing fetus in space, looking down at Earth.
Bridgerton	romance	From Shondaland and new showrunner, Jess Brownell, Bridgerton is back for its third season and finds Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) has finally given up on her long-held crush on Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) after hearing his disparaging words about her last season. She has, however, decided it's time to take a husband, preferably one who will provide her with enough independence to continue her double life as Lady Whistledown (Julie Andrews), far away from her mother (Polly Walker) and sisters (Bessie Carter, Harriet Cains). But lacking in confidence, Penelope's attempts on the marriage mart fail spectacularly. Meanwhile, Colin has returned from his summer travels with a new look and a serious sense of swagger. But he's disheartened to realize that Penelope, the one person who always appreciated him as he was, is giving him the cold shoulder. Eager to win back her friendship, Colin offers to mentor Penelope in the ways of confidence to help her find a husband this season. But when his lessons start working a little too well, Colin must grapple with whether his feelings for Penelope are truly just friendly. Complicating matters for Penelope is her rift with Eloise (Claudia Jessie), who has found a new friend in a very unlikely place, while Penelope's growing presence in the ton makes it all the more difficult to keep her Lady Whistledown alter ego a secret.
Fantasma da Ópera	drama	In 1880s Paris, the Palais Garnier Opera House is rumored to be haunted by the 'Phantom of the Opera,' or the 'Opera Ghost,' especially after the mysterious death of stagehand Joseph Buquet. During a gala for the retiring managers, a young Swedish soprano, Christine Daaé, steps in for the leading singer, Carlotta, and delivers a remarkable performance. Among the audience is Raoul, the Vicomte de Chagny, who recognizes Christine as his childhood friend and harbors feelings for her. He attempts to visit her after the performance, but he hears a man's voice in her dressing room. Investigating, he finds no one.Later, Raoul confronts Christine about the mysterious voice, and she explains that she has been guided by the "Angel of Music," a figure from her father's stories. Raoul suspects a prank, which angers Christine. When she visits her father's grave, a mysterious figure plays the violin for her, and when Raoul tries to intervene, he is struck unconscious.Meanwhile, the new opera house managers receive a letter from the Phantom demanding that Christine play the lead in Faust and that box 5 be reserved for him. They dismiss the letter as a joke. However, when they ignore his demands, Carlotta's voice mysteriously croaks during a performance, and a chandelier crashes into the audience, killing a spectator. The Phantom, a disfigured man named Erik, abducts Christine and takes her to his underground lair, revealing his true identity to her after she unmasks him, exposing his deformed, skull-like face.Erik initially plans to keep Christine with him forever, but eventually agrees to release her under the condition that she wear his ring and remain loyal. Later, on the rooftop of the opera house, Christine tells Raoul about her terrifying experience and they plan to escape together. Unbeknownst to them, Erik is eavesdropping on their conversation.During a performance of Faust, Erik kidnaps Christine once again, intending to force her to marry him. Raoul, guided by a mysterious figure known as 'the Persian,' ventures into Erik's lair but becomes trapped. Erik threatens to kill Raoul and everyone in the opera house using explosives unless Christine consents to the marriage. Under pressure, Christine agrees to marry Erik, which spares Raoul and the Persian.Erik, who has never experienced love, is deeply moved when Christine kisses him on the forehead. She pities him, and their emotional exchange leads him to release her and Raoul. Erik, now overwhelmed with emotion, makes Christine promise to return to him with his ring and visit him on his deathbed. He also asks the Persian to report his death.Soon after, Christine returns to Erik's lair, fulfilling his request by returning the ring and burying him where no one will find him. The news of Erik's death is published, and Christine and Raoul leave together, never to return.
Os condenados de shawshank	drama	In 1947, banker Andy Dufresne is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover and is sentenced to two life terms at Shawshank State Prison in Maine. There, he befriends Ellis "Red" Redding, a contraband smuggler, who provides Andy with a rock hammer and a poster of Rita Hayworth. Initially assigned to the prison laundry, Andy suffers brutal attacks from a gang called "the Sisters," led by Bogs Diamond.In 1949, Andy overhears Captain Byron Hadley complaining about taxes on an inheritance. He offers to help Hadley with tax evasion, earning protection from the guards. After the Sisters severely beat Andy, Hadley cripples Bogs, and the attacks on Andy stop. Warden Samuel Norton takes notice of Andy's financial expertise and has him manage financial schemes, including money laundering for the prison staff and the warden himself. Andy is reassigned to the library, where he helps improve it by writing weekly letters for funding. Eventually, the state legislature donates resources to the prison, including records that Andy plays over the PA system, landing him in solitary confinement.Meanwhile, Brooks Hatlen, a longtime inmate, is paroled but cannot adjust to life outside and hangs himself. Andy tells Red that hope is essential for survival, though Red remains cynical. In 1965, Andy and Red befriend Tommy Williams, a young prisoner. Tommy reveals that his former cellmate had confessed to the murders for which Andy was wrongly convicted. When Andy presents this information to Norton, the warden refuses to act, fearing the loss of his financial schemes. Norton has Tommy killed and threatens Andy with harsh conditions if he refuses to continue laundering money.After two months in solitary confinement, Andy tells Red of his dream to live in Zihuatanejo, Mexico, and asks Red to find a hidden package if he ever gets out. Red becomes concerned when Andy asks another inmate for a length of rope. The next day, Andy’s cell is found empty. Norton discovers a tunnel behind a poster, which Andy had spent nearly 20 years digging with his rock hammer. Andy escapes through the tunnel and a sewage pipe, taking evidence of the prison’s corruption with him. Disguised as the fictitious "Randall Stephens," Andy withdraws the laundered money and sends incriminating documents to a local newspaper. As a result, Norton commits suicide, and Hadley is arrested.In 1967, Red is paroled after 40 years but struggles to adjust to life outside. Remembering his promise to Andy, Red visits the hayfield near Buxton, where he finds a letter and money from Andy, inviting him to join him in Mexico. Red violates his parole and travels to Zihuatanejo, where he reunites with Andy on a beach, and the two friends embrace, finally free.
Never Back Down	action	Jake Tyler moves to Orlando, Florida, with his mother and younger brother to support his brother's tennis career. Still grieving the death of his father in a drunk-driving accident, Jake is struggling to adjust. A video of a fight from his previous school gives him a reputation as a troublemaker at his new high school. He befriends Max Cooperman, who introduces him to mixed martial arts (MMA) and trainer Jean Roqua.At a party, Jake is provoked into a fight by Ryan McCarthy, the school’s MMA champion and boyfriend of Baja Miller, a girl Jake is interested in. Despite initially refusing to fight, Jake eventually loses to Ryan, and a video of the incident circulates, humiliating him.Max convinces Jake to train with Roqua, but Roqua warns him not to fight outside the gym. Jake struggles to control his anger towards Ryan and nearly gets expelled from Roqua's gym after fighting out of rage. Baja breaks up with Ryan after witnessing his aggressive behavior, and Jake begins to date her.As tension between Jake and Ryan escalates, Ryan challenges Jake to the Beatdown, an underground MMA tournament. After initially refusing to participate, Jake changes his mind when Ryan severely injures Max. Roqua reluctantly agrees to help Jake train for the Beatdown.At the tournament, both Jake and Ryan advance to the semifinals, but Ryan is disqualified for an illegal move. Jake forfeits, feeling no need to continue. However, Ryan confronts him outside, leading to a final fight. Though injured, Jake manages to defeat Ryan using techniques learned from Roqua.In the end, Jake earns the respect of his peers, including Ryan, and Roqua returns to Brazil to reconcile with his family.
Avatar	animation	In 2154, Earth suffers from resource exhaustion and ecological collapse. The Resources Development Administration (RDA) mines the valuable mineral unobtanium on Pandora, a lush habitable moon orbiting a gas giant in the Alpha Centauri star system. Pandora, whose atmosphere is inhospitable to humans, is inhabited by the Na'vi, 10-foot-tall (3.0 m), blue-skinned, sapient humanoids that live in harmony with nature.To explore Pandora, genetically matched human scientists control Na'vi-human hybrids called "avatars". Paraplegic former Marine Jake Sully is recruited by the RDA to replace his deceased identical twin, who had signed up to be an operator. Avatar Program head Dr. Grace Augustine considers Jake inadequate, but accepts him as an operator. While escorting the avatars of Grace and Dr. Norm Spellman, Jake's avatar is attacked by Pandoran wildlife and flees into the forest, where he is rescued by the Na'vi princess Neytiri. Suspicious of Jake, she takes him to her clan. Neytiri's mother, Mo'at, the clan's spiritual leader, orders her daughter to initiate Jake into their society.Colonel Miles Quaritch, head of RDA's security force, promises Jake that the company will restore the use of his legs if he provides information about the Na'vi and their gathering place, the giant Hometree, under which is a rich deposit of unobtanium. Learning of this, Grace transfers herself, Jake, and Norm to an outpost. Jake and Neytiri fall in love as Jake is initiated into the tribe, and they choose each other as mates. When Jake attempts to disable a bulldozer threatening a sacred Na'vi site, Administrator Parker Selfridge orders Hometree destroyed.Despite Grace's argument that destroying Hometree would damage the biological neural network that encompasses all Pandoran life, Selfridge gives Jake and Grace one hour to convince the Na'vi to evacuate. Jake confesses that he was a spy and the Na'vi take him and Grace captive. Quaritch's soldiers destroy Hometree, killing many, including Neytiri's father, the clan chief. Mo'at frees Jake and Grace, but they are detached from their avatars and imprisoned by Quaritch's forces. Pilot Trudy Chacón, disgusted by Quaritch's brutality, airlifts Jake, Grace, and Norm to Grace's outpost, but during the escape Grace is shot and fatally wounded.Jake regains the Na'vi's trust by connecting his mind to that of the Toruk, a dragon-like creature feared and revered by the Na'vi. Supported by Neytiri and the new chief Tsu'tey, Jake unites the clan, telling them to gather all the clans to battle the RDA. Quaritch organizes a strike against the Tree of Souls to demoralize the Na'vi. Before the battle, Jake prays to the Na'vi deity Eywa via a neural connection with the Tree of Souls.Tsu'tey and Trudy are among the battle's heavy casualties. The Na'vi are rescued when Pandoran wildlife unexpectedly join the attack and overwhelm the humans, which Neytiri interprets as Eywa answering Jake's prayer. Quaritch, in an AMP suit, escapes his crashed aircraft and breaks open the avatar link unit containing Jake's human body, exposing it to Pandora's poisonous atmosphere. As Quaritch prepares to kill Jake's avatar, he is killed by Neytiri, who saves Jake from suffocation, seeing his human form for the first time.The RDA are expelled from Pandora; only some humans are chosen to stay. Jake is permanently transferred into his avatar with the aid of the Tree of Souls.
2012	sci-fi	In 2009, American geologist Adrian Helmsley learns from astrophysicist Satnam Tsurutani that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are overheating the Earth’s core, threatening a global disaster. Adrian informs the U.S. government, and plans are made to build nine arks in the Himalayas to save humanity and important cultural artifacts. Secretly funded by selling seats to the wealthy for €1 billion each, construction begins.By 2012, natural disasters worsen as Earth’s crust destabilizes. Struggling writer Jackson Curtis, who works as a chauffeur for billionaire Yuri Karpov, takes his children, Noah and Lilly, on a camping trip to Yellowstone, where they meet conspiracy theorist Charlie Frost. Charlie tells Jackson about the impending apocalypse, referencing Charles Hapgood’s earth crust displacement theory and the Mayan calendar’s prediction of catastrophe. Initially skeptical, Jackson becomes convinced after witnessing increasing signs of global devastation.Jackson rushes to rescue his family and takes them to the Santa Monica Airport, where they board a small plane and narrowly escape as California sinks into the ocean due to a massive earthquake. They fly to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie’s map showing the arks’ locations, but the Yellowstone supervolcano erupts, killing Charlie. Jackson’s group lands in Las Vegas, where they meet Yuri and his entourage, including Tamara and their pilot, Sasha. Together, they escape in a Russian cargo plane, heading to China and the arks.Meanwhile, U.S. President Thomas Wilson addresses the nation one last time before staying behind and perishing in a megatsunami. White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser declares himself acting president as the government collapses.As the world’s disasters intensify, Jackson’s group reaches the Himalayas, but their plane crashes. They are found by Nima, a Buddhist monk, who helps them sneak aboard Ark 4. Meanwhile, Adrian convinces the world leaders to open the arks to everyone, allowing more people to board. However, Yuri dies while pushing his sons to safety, and Gordon is fatally injured. A stuck tool prevents the ark’s gate from closing, and it begins to flood as a massive tsunami strikes. With the engines disabled, the ark drifts toward Mount Everest.Jackson and his son Noah manage to dislodge the tool, allowing the crew to regain control of the ark. The stowaways are rescued, but Tamara drowns in the chaos.Twenty-seven days later, the floodwaters recede, and the arks sail toward the Drakensberg Mountains, now the highest landmass on Earth. Jackson and his ex-wife Kate reconcile, while Adrian and First Daughter Laura begin a relationship.
Sex and the City	drama	Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big are in a committed relationship and decide to move in together, finding an extravagant penthouse in New York. Big offers to buy it for them, but Carrie worries about her legal rights if they were to separate, leading Big to propose marriage. She agrees, and as the wedding plans grow, Big begins to feel overwhelmed.Meanwhile, Miranda is dealing with her stagnant sex life with Steve, who confesses to having cheated on her. Heartbroken, Miranda leaves him, but her hurtful comment to Big at Carrie’s rehearsal dinner—“Marriage ruins everything”—contributes to his cold feet. On the wedding day, Big calls off the wedding at the last minute, leaving Carrie devastated.Carrie and her friends—Miranda, Charlotte, and Samantha—head to Mexico for what was supposed to be her honeymoon, where Carrie begins to heal from the heartbreak. Upon returning, Carrie hires an assistant, Louise, who helps her get back on her feet emotionally. Meanwhile, Charlotte finds out she is pregnant after years of infertility, and Miranda eventually reconciles with Steve after going through couples counseling.In Los Angeles, Samantha, feeling unsatisfied with her relationship with Smith Jerrod, admits that she needs to move on and returns to New York, ending their relationship amicably.When Charlotte unexpectedly runs into Big at a restaurant, her water breaks. Big helps her get to the hospital, where she gives birth. He tells Harry that he’s been trying to contact Carrie, sending her numerous emails, but she hasn’t replied. When Carrie checks her email, she finds Big’s messages, filled with famous love letters and a final apology.Carrie goes to the penthouse to retrieve a pair of shoes and finds Big there. Realizing they still love each other, they reconcile and decide to marry quietly at City Hall, with just their closest friends present.The movie concludes with the four friends celebrating Samantha’s 50th birthday, toasting to "the next 50" and their enduring friendship.
Hannibal	crime	A decade after capturing serial killer Jame Gumb, FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling's career is in jeopardy after a drug raid goes wrong. She is contacted by Mason Verger, a wealthy and sadistic child molester who is the only surviving victim of Hannibal Lecter, the cannibalistic serial killer who has been missing since his escape. Verger, who was disfigured and paralyzed by Lecter, has been obsessed with exacting revenge and has spent years planning an elaborate scheme to capture and kill Lecter. Using his influence, Verger manages to have Starling reassigned to Lecter's case, hoping her involvement will lure Lecter out of hiding.Lecter, now living in Florence, Italy, under the alias of Dr. Fell, sends Starling a letter. Starling's investigation leads to Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi, who suspects Dr. Fell is actually Lecter. Driven by the $3 million bounty Verger has placed on Lecter, Pazzi attempts to capture him alone. However, Lecter outsmarts him, killing Pazzi in a gruesome manner by disemboweling him and hanging him from a balcony.Meanwhile, Verger bribes a corrupt Justice Department official, Paul Krendler, to discredit Starling, resulting in her suspension. As Lecter continues to taunt Starling, Verger's men manage to capture him. Verger's plan is to have Lecter eaten alive by specially bred wild boars. However, Starling, determined to save Lecter, infiltrates Verger's estate and frees him. In the ensuing chaos, Verger's own men are killed by the boars, and Lecter offers Verger's assistant, Cordell, a chance to push Verger into the boar pen, which he does, allowing the boars to devour Verger.Lecter then takes the wounded Starling to a secluded lake house where he treats her injuries. He drugs her and prepares a grotesque dinner, where he cuts open Krendler’s skull and feeds him his own brain. A disoriented Starling tries to stop Lecter but ends up handcuffed to him. As the police close in, Lecter frees Starling by cutting off his own hand rather than hurting her.In the final scene, Lecter, on a plane, casually shares a meal of cooked brain with a curious young boy, encouraging him to “try new things,” hinting at his continued existence as a free man.
Home Alone	comedy	The McCallister family is preparing for a holiday trip, and Kevin, the youngest, feels mistreated by his siblings and cousins. After a fight with his brother Buzz, Kevin is sent to the attic and wishes for his family to disappear. That night, a power outage causes the family to oversleep and rush to the airport, accidentally leaving Kevin behind.Kevin awakens to find himself alone and believes his wish has come true. He enjoys his newfound freedom but soon becomes aware of two burglars, Harry and Marv, who are targeting his house. Kevin manages to trick the burglars into thinking his family is still home, but they eventually realize he is alone and plan to break in.Meanwhile, Kevin's mother, Kate, realizes mid-flight that Kevin was left behind. She desperately tries to return home, eventually catching a ride with a polka band led by Gus Polinski. Back in Chicago, Kevin prepares for the burglars' arrival by setting up elaborate booby traps throughout the house. When Harry and Marv break in, they fall victim to Kevin's traps and are severely injured. Kevin calls the police and leads the burglars to a neighbor's house, where they are caught by "Old Man" Marley, the reclusive neighbor who was rumored to be a killer.Marley, who turns out to be kind and misunderstood, saves Kevin by knocking out the burglars. On Christmas morning, Kevin is reunited with his mother, and soon after, the rest of the family returns. Kevin remains silent about his encounter with the burglars, while Marley is seen reconciling with his estranged family.
The Hangover	comedy	Doug Billings, along with his friends Phil, Stu, and his soon-to-be brother-in-law Alan, heads to Las Vegas to celebrate Doug's upcoming wedding. The group checks into Caesars Palace and, after sneaking onto the hotel rooftop and drinking shots of Jägermeister, the next morning they wake up with no memory of the previous night. Doug is missing, Stu is missing a tooth, their hotel suite is in complete disarray, a Bengal tiger is in the bathroom, and a baby is discovered in the closet. To make matters worse, they find Doug's mattress impaled on a statue outside and end up with a police cruiser instead of their car.As they try to piece together what happened, they learn that they were drugged with Rohypnol, causing their memory loss. Along the way, they discover that Stu, who is in a relationship with his controlling girlfriend Melissa, has married a stripper named Jade, who turns out to be the baby's mother. Things get even more complicated when they encounter a naked man named Leslie Chow in their car's trunk, Mike Tyson demanding the return of his stolen tiger, and a gang looking for missing money.After an increasingly bizarre series of events involving tasers, blackjack, and a mix-up with a different "Doug" (a drug dealer), they finally realize that the real Doug has been on the roof of Caesars Palace all along. They had moved him there as a prank, but forgotten about it after the roofies wore off. Sunburned but otherwise fine, Doug is found just in time to make it back to his wedding.At the wedding reception, Stu finally stands up for himself and breaks up with his girlfriend Melissa. The group then looks through photos on Stu's camera, showing the wild antics from their forgotten night in Vegas, before agreeing to delete them.
Taken	action	Bryan is trying to reconnect with his estranged daughter, Kim, who is living with her mother, Lenore, and her wealthy stepfather, Stuart. After a heroic act of saving pop star Sheerah from an attacker, Bryan learns that Sheerah wants to help Kim pursue a singing career. However, when Kim asks for permission to travel to Paris with her friend Amanda, Bryan is initially hesitant due to safety concerns. He eventually allows them to go, only to discover that Kim has deceived him about the trip's true nature—she and Amanda plan to follow the band U2 on their European tour.Upon arriving in Paris, Kim and Amanda meet a charming stranger named Peter. They head to an apartment but soon find themselves in danger when Amanda is abducted. Kim, following her father's instructions, provides a description of her captor before being taken herself. Bryan, back in the U.S., receives a call from the kidnappers but quickly realizes he must act fast. His old friend Sam identifies the kidnappers as part of an Albanian sex trafficking operation, and they have a limited time to rescue Kim—96 hours before she is lost forever.Bryan travels to Paris and begins his search for Kim. He discovers a clue leading him to Peter but ends up watching Peter get killed in an accident while trying to pursue him. With no leads, Bryan contacts Jean-Claude, a former agent now working in the police force. Ignoring Jean-Claude's warnings, Bryan taps into the local criminal underworld for information, eventually discovering a brothel where Kim and other girls were held. After a series of intense confrontations and violent encounters with the traffickers, Bryan learns about a safe house where Kim might be kept.Infiltrating the safe house, Bryan engages in a brutal fight with the kidnappers, eventually capturing Marko, the kidnapper who taunted him on the phone. Bryan tortures Marko for information and learns about Patrice Saint-Clair, a crime syndicate leader who buys and sells girls like Kim. Bryan's search leads him to a secret auction where Kim is being sold. Despite being captured, Bryan manages to escape and eliminate Saint-Clair's men, eventually confronting Saint-Clair himself, who reveals the location of a yacht owned by a sheikh.In a final showdown aboard the yacht, Bryan finds Kim being held hostage by the sheikh, Raman. After a tense negotiation, Bryan eliminates Raman and rescues Kim. They return to the U.S. where Bryan surprises Kim by taking her to meet Sheerah, fulfilling her dream and re-establishing their father-daughter bond.
Passengers	sci-fi	The Avalon, a sleeper ship carrying 5,000 colonists and 258 crew members, is en route to the planet Homestead II from Earth, aiming to escape the deteriorating conditions on their home planet. After a collision with an asteroid causes a malfunction, Jim Preston, a mechanical engineer, is awakened from his hibernation pod 90 years too early. Alone on the ship and feeling despondent, Jim struggles with his isolation and contemplates suicide, until he becomes infatuated with another passenger, Aurora Lane, a journalist.Despite knowing it is morally wrong to awaken her, Jim ultimately decides to revive Aurora, allowing her to believe her awakening was a malfunction. Devastated to learn that they are both stuck on the ship for life, Aurora initially resents Jim but eventually grows to love him as they share their lives together over the next year. Just as Jim prepares to propose, the truth about her awakening is revealed by their android bartender, Arthur, leading to a painful confrontation between Jim and Aurora.Their lives take a dramatic turn when another passenger, Gus Mancuso, is awakened and reveals that multiple failures are threatening the ship. After Gus falls critically ill due to problems with his hibernation pod, he shares his employee code with Jim and Aurora, enabling them to access critical areas of the ship. They discover that the ship's fusion reactor is damaged and must be repaired to prevent catastrophe.During a perilous spacewalk to vent a runaway plasma reaction, Jim risks his life to save the ship. Aurora, realizing her deep feelings for Jim, fights to bring him back after he is thrown into space. Jim is resuscitated, and together they manage to stabilize the ship, but Jim insists that Aurora use the Autodoc to go back into hibernation for the rest of the journey. She chooses instead to stay awake with him.Eighty-eight years later, the Avalon arrives at Homestead II, and the passengers awaken to find a beautifully transformed ship, with lush vegetation and a cabin symbolizing the life Jim and Aurora built together. A recording of Aurora's story showcases their shared experiences and the profound bond they formed during their unexpected journey. The film explores themes of love, loneliness, and the ethical implications of choice in extraordinary circumstances.
Kingsman: Golden Circle	action	One year after the events of the first film, Eggsy, now known as Galahad, has taken on a new role within the Kingsman organization and is in a relationship with Tilde, the Crown Princess of Sweden. His life takes a turn when Charlie Hesketh, a former Kingsman trainee who has been transformed with cybernetic enhancements after the Valentine incident, ambushes him. In the ensuing chaos, Charlie hacks into the Kingsman database, leading to a devastating missile attack by Poppy Adams, the leader of the Golden Circle drug cartel, which destroys the Kingsman headquarters and kills most agents.Eggsy and Merlin, the tech support for Kingsman, survive the attack and activate an emergency protocol that leads them to Statesman, an American intelligence agency disguised as a whiskey distillery. Here, they learn that Harry Hart, Eggsy's mentor, survived his apparent death but is suffering from amnesia due to advanced nanotechnology used by Statesman.As they join forces to combat the Golden Circle, Eggsy faces challenges in his personal life, particularly with Tilde, as he undertakes a risky mission that strains their relationship. Meanwhile, Statesman agent Tequila suffers from a blue rash and exhibits erratic behavior, which leads to the introduction of agent Whiskey as Eggsy's new partner.The plot thickens when Poppy broadcasts a message revealing a deadly toxin in her drugs, threatening drug users worldwide unless the President of the United States complies with her demands. The corrupt President decides to quarantine the affected users, leading to a race against time for Eggsy and his team to stop Poppy's plan and save those impacted by the toxin.Their journey takes them to Italy and eventually to Cambodia, where they confront Poppy in her lair, "Poppy Land." In a dramatic series of events, Eggsy, Harry, and Merlin face off against Charlie and Poppy's forces, leading to emotional sacrifices and the unraveling of Whiskey's true motives.The climax culminates in a showdown where Eggsy and Harry take down Whiskey and manage to release the antidote, saving lives around the globe. Following their victory, the film concludes with the Kingsman organization being rebuilt, Eggsy marrying Princess Tilde and becoming a Prince, and the introduction of new characters to the Kingsman franchise.
Pride and Prejudice	romance	Set in the fictional village of Meryton, the Bennet family consists of five daughters, and their mother, Mrs. Bennet, is eager to see them all married well to secure their futures. The arrival of Mr. Bingley, a wealthy bachelor who rents the nearby Netherfield estate, ignites Mrs. Bennet’s hopes that he might marry one of her daughters, especially her eldest, Jane. At a ball, the Bennets meet Bingley and his haughty friend, Mr. Darcy. While Bingley is charming and shows interest in Jane, Darcy's aloofness leads to a poor first impression, particularly for Elizabeth, who is insulted by his refusal to dance with her.As the story unfolds, Elizabeth encounters various social challenges, including the arrival of Mr. Collins, the Bennet estate's heir, who intends to propose to one of the sisters. Despite his proposal to Elizabeth, she refuses him, much to her mother’s dismay. Meanwhile, Elizabeth meets George Wickham, who shares a skewed account of his history with Darcy, further shaping her prejudice against him.Darcy’s unexpected proposal to Elizabeth, in which he boasts about his social standing, is met with her anger and rejection. She confronts him about his role in separating Jane and Bingley and accuses him of mistreating Wickham. Darcy responds with a letter that clarifies Wickham's true character and his own motivations for separating Bingley and Jane, leaving Elizabeth ashamed of her previous judgments.As Elizabeth continues her journey of self-discovery, she visits Pemberley, Darcy’s estate, and finds herself reconsidering her feelings for him when he displays kindness and humility. However, trouble arises when her sister Lydia elopes with Wickham, leading to a crisis for the Bennet family. Darcy steps in to resolve the situation, demonstrating his affection for Elizabeth through his actions.Eventually, after overcoming various obstacles, including interference from Lady Catherine de Bourgh—who attempts to prevent Elizabeth and Darcy's union—Darcy proposes once more. This time, Elizabeth accepts, leading to a resolution of misunderstandings and a celebration of love and personal growth.Pride and Prejudice explores themes of class, marriage, and individual agency, all while highlighting the importance of overcoming personal prejudices and understanding true character.
Schindler's List	drama	In occupied Kraków, Poland, local Jews are forcibly relocated to a crowded ghetto by the Nazis. Oskar Schindler, an ambitious German industrialist and member of the Nazi Party, arrives in the city hoping to profit from the war. He establishes an enamelware factory and hires Itzhak Stern, a Jewish accountant who helps him navigate the complexities of the black market and Jewish business community. Stern ensures that as many Jewish workers as possible are deemed essential to the war effort, which protects them from deportation to concentration camps.The situation worsens with the arrival of Amon Göth, a brutal SS officer tasked with overseeing the nearby Płaszów concentration camp. He orders the liquidation of the ghetto, leading to mass executions of Jews. Schindler witnesses the horror and is profoundly affected, particularly by the sight of a young girl in a red coat, whose fate haunts him. As Schindler's initial focus on profit begins to shift, he seeks to save lives rather than simply amass wealth.To protect his workers, Schindler bribes Göth to allow him to establish a sub-camp at his factory. As the war turns against the Germans, Göth is ordered to transfer the remaining Jews from Płaszów to Auschwitz. Schindler negotiates for his workers to be moved to a munitions factory he plans to build in Brünnlitz, preparing a list of 1,100 names to be spared from deportation.During the transport, a mix-up sends women and girls to Auschwitz, but Schindler manages to bribe the commandant, Rudolf Höss, for their release. At his new factory, Schindler goes to great lengths to protect his workers, forbidding SS guards from entering without permission and encouraging them to observe Jewish traditions.As the war nears its end, Schindler spends his remaining fortune bribing officials and buying shell casings that are never used for armaments. With the Red Army advancing, Schindler faces the impending murder of his Jewish workers by SS guards, but he persuades them to spare the lives of his employees.As he prepares to flee, his workers present him with a heartfelt farewell, including a ring inscribed with a Talmudic saying: "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire." Schindler, overwhelmed with emotion, laments that he could have done more.The film concludes with the liberation of the Jewish workers after the Nazis' defeat. An epilogue reveals the fates of Göth and Schindler, with Göth convicted and executed for his war crimes. The surviving Schindler Jews, along with actors portraying them, visit Schindler's grave to pay their respects, highlighting the enduring legacy of his actions during one of history's darkest chapters.Schindler's List powerfully depicts the horrors of the Holocaust while showcasing the capacity for humanity and compassion even in the most brutal circumstances. It serves as a poignant reminder of the importance of remembering the past and honoring those who fought against oppression.
Madagascar	animation	In New York City, Alex the lion enjoys a life of luxury as the "King of New York" at the Central Park Zoo, surrounded by his friends: Melman the giraffe, Gloria the hippo, and Marty the zebra. As Marty approaches his tenth birthday, he feels a growing desire for adventure and the wild, which leads him to contemplate escaping the zoo.On Marty’s birthday, despite their attempts to cheer him up, he learns of the penguins' escape plan to return to Antarctica and decides to follow them. After a chaotic chase, Alex, Melman, and Gloria end up in Grand Central Terminal, where they are captured and shipped to a wildlife reserve in Kenya due to anti-captivity pressure.During the sea voyage, the penguins hijack the ship in their quest for Antarctica, causing the crates with Alex and his friends to fall overboard. They wash ashore on Madagascar, where they encounter a group of lemurs led by King Julien XIII. While initially wanting to return to civilization, Alex starts to struggle with his predatory instincts, which leads to tension among the group.Marty, Gloria, and Melman enjoy life in Madagascar, but Alex, feeling guilty about his instincts, isolates himself. When he accidentally attacks Marty, he fears he may harm his friend and decides to leave the group. Marty, realizing the danger of the wild and regretting his decision to leave the zoo, ventures to bring Alex back.After the fossa, Madagascar's predators, attack Marty, Alex has to confront his instincts. In a moment of clarity, he saves his friends from the fossa and earns back the respect of the lemurs. The group learns to appreciate each other’s strengths, and Alex discovers that sushi is a tasty alternative to steak.As the lemurs celebrate their newfound friendship, the penguins decide to keep a secret: their ship has run out of fuel, leaving the group stranded on the island. The film ends on a humorous note, highlighting the themes of friendship, self-discovery, and the joy of embracing adventure.Madagascar combines comedy, heartwarming moments, and vibrant animation to tell the story of animals learning to adapt to the wild while valuing their friendships and adventures together.
The Magnificent Seven	western	In the year 1879, Bartholomew Bogue, a wealthy and tyrannical gold mining magnate, seizes control of the town of Rose Creek. He forces the townspeople into servitude at his mine, brutally punishing those who oppose him, including the murder of local farmer Matthew Cullen. Following a violent public execution and the burning of the town's church, Matthew’s widow, Emma, along with her friend Teddy, seeks help from bounty hunters to reclaim their town.They enlist the help of Sam Chisholm, a renowned U.S. Marshal. Intrigued by Bogue's actions, Chisholm assembles a diverse group of skilled fighters: Joshua Faraday, a sharpshooter and gambler; Vasquez, a pardoned outlaw; Goodnight Robicheaux, a former Confederate sniper; his friend and assassin Billy Rocks; legendary mountain man Jack Horne; and a Comanche warrior named Red Harvest.Upon arriving in Rose Creek, the Seven engage in a fierce battle against Bogue's hired guns, eliminating twenty-two of his private detectives. Chisholm apprehends the corrupt sheriff, Mr. Harp, and sends him to confront Bogue, but Harp is quickly killed, prompting Bogue to reinforce his forces. The Seven encourage the townspeople to prepare for a fight and liberate the miners at Bogue's mine, arming themselves with explosives and fortifying the town.As the final showdown approaches, Robicheaux, haunted by his violent past, initially leaves the town, but Emma takes his place in the fight. On the day of Bogue's attack, the town employs traps and ambush tactics, causing significant casualties on both sides. However, the tide turns when Bogue's Gatling gun devastates the defenders.As the battle intensifies, the Seven sustain heavy losses. Faraday heroically destroys the Gatling gun with dynamite, sacrificing his life in the process. Chisholm confronts Bogue, revealing the personal vendetta behind his fight, as Bogue had orchestrated the lynching of Chisholm's family. When Bogue tries to reach for a hidden gun, Emma intervenes, killing him.In the aftermath, the surviving townspeople express their gratitude to Chisholm, Vasquez, and Red Harvest. They honor the fallen heroes—Faraday, Robicheaux, Billy, and Horne—by burying them near the town. In a reflective voice-over, Emma acknowledges the nobility and sacrifice of the Seven, commemorating their bravery and contributions to the liberation of Rose Creek.
Halloween	horror	On Halloween night in 1963, six-year-old Michael Myers commits a gruesome act by stabbing his teenage sister, Judith, to death with a chef's knife. He is subsequently institutionalized for 15 years. In the present day, psychiatrist Dr. Samuel Loomis is alarmed by Michael's potential for violence and is en route to escort him to a court hearing. Accompanied by nurse Marion Chambers, Loomis's worst fears come to fruition when Michael attacks Marion and escapes in her car.Michael returns to Haddonfield, where he begins stalking Laurie Strode, a teenage girl who unknowingly dropped off a key at his childhood home. Despite Laurie's unease and sightings of Michael, her friends, Annie and Lynda, dismiss her concerns. Loomis, realizing that Michael has stolen Judith’s tombstone, partners with the local sheriff, Leigh Brackett, to search for him. Loomis describes Michael as the embodiment of pure evil, setting the stage for the impending horror.That night, Michael begins his killing spree, first targeting Annie, whom he strangles before slitting her throat. He then kills Lynda's boyfriend, Bob, after they have sex, and poses as Bob in a ghost costume to murder Lynda. Throughout the chaos, Laurie attempts to reach out for help but finds herself increasingly isolated as her friends fall victim to Michael’s rampage.When Laurie discovers the bodies of her friends and Judith's tombstone, she realizes the danger she is in and attempts to escape. After a harrowing chase, she manages to stab Michael and briefly incapacitate him. However, he continues to rise, demonstrating his seemingly supernatural resilience.Laurie sends the children she is babysitting, Tommy and Lindsey, to seek help while she confronts Michael again. After a fierce struggle, during which she stabs him multiple times, she finally finds temporary refuge. Loomis arrives just in time to confront Michael and shoots him six times, causing him to fall from the balcony.In a chilling conclusion, Loomis checks for Michael’s body but finds that he has vanished. The film ends with Loomis looking into the darkness, realizing that Michael is still out there, while Laurie, traumatized and sobbing, is left to grapple with the horror of the night.
The Notebook	romance	The story begins in a modern-day nursing home, where an elderly man named Duke reads a romantic tale from his notebook to a female patient. This narrative transports the audience back to 1940 in Seabrook Island, South Carolina, where a young lumber mill worker named Noah Calhoun meets 17-year-old heiress Allison "Allie" Hamilton at a carnival. Despite their different social backgrounds, Noah pursues Allie, leading to a summer romance.Noah's father, Frank Calhoun, welcomes Allie, but her parents disapprove of the relationship. After an intimate evening at the abandoned Windsor Plantation, where they express their love for each other, Allie's parents intervene, leading to a heated argument. Impulsively, Allie breaks up with Noah but quickly regrets her decision. When her family announces they are leaving for Charleston, Allie attempts to apologize, but her efforts fail.Desperate to communicate her feelings, Allie asks Noah’s friend, Fin, to tell him she loves him. However, Noah is heartbroken to find she has left town. He writes to her daily for a year, but Allie’s mother intercepts the letters, leading Noah to eventually stop writing and move on. Both characters face the repercussions of the war: Noah enlists and fights in the Battle of the Bulge, where he loses his friend Fin, while Allie becomes a nurse and meets Captain Lon Hammond Jr., a wealthy young lawyer, eventually getting engaged to him.Back from the war, Noah finds that his father has sold their home, allowing him to purchase and restore the Windsor Plantation, hoping that it will bring Allie back to him. When Allie sees a newspaper photo of Noah in front of the house, her feelings resurface, prompting her to take a solo trip before her wedding. She finds Noah and they rekindle their romance, realizing that Allie's mother had kept Noah's letters from her.As Allie grapples with her emotions, she confesses her infidelity to Lon. Although Lon wants her back, Allie follows her heart and chooses Noah. In the present, the elderly woman being read to is revealed to be Allie, now suffering from dementia. Duke is actually Noah, using a pseudonym to soothe her confusion. The journal he reads to her, written by Allie during the early stages of her illness, chronicles their love story.As the story reaches its climax, Allie briefly recognizes Noah and they share a tender moment, dancing to their song, "I'll Be Seeing You." However, her dementia relapses, and she becomes frightened, requiring sedation. Duke, suffering a heart attack, is treated in the nursing home while Allie is moved to the dementia ward.In a final, touching scene, Duke sneaks into Allie's room despite the restrictions. She recognizes him immediately, and they share a kiss, falling asleep holding hands. The next morning, they are found peacefully in each other's arms, having died together.
2 Fast 2 Furious	action	Ex-LAPD officer Brian O'Conner has gone into hiding in Miami after aiding Dominic Toretto's escape from authorities in Los Angeles. To make ends meet, he participates in street racing events, driving his iconic 1999 Nissan R34 Skyline GT-R, with the help of his friend and mechanic, Tej Parker.Brian’s life takes a turn when he is arrested following a street race. However, his former boss, FBI Special Agent Bilkins, and Customs Enforcement Agent Markham offer him a deal: they will clear his record if he goes undercover to help arrest drug lord Carter Verone. Brian accepts the deal on the condition that he chooses his partner, which leads him to enlist his estranged childhood friend, Roman Pearce. Initially, Roman is distrustful of Brian, resenting him for being a cop and not preventing his previous arrest. Nevertheless, he agrees to the record-clearing deal as well.Once back in Miami, Brian and Roman meet Customs Agent Monica Fuentes, who is undercover working for Verone. To gain Verone's trust, Brian and Roman participate in a test where they must retrieve a package from Verone's car in an impound lot, beating six other drivers. After successfully passing the test, they receive a job to deliver a package to Verone in the Florida Keys. However, their cover is nearly compromised when Agent Markham attempts to meet them at the lot.To solidify their cover and continue the operation, Brian and Roman acquire a 1969 Yenko Camaro SYC and a 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T by winning a pink slip race against two drivers who lost in Verone’s test.As tensions rise, Verone tortures corrupt MPD Detective Whitworth for information, threatening Monica when he sees her getting close to Brian. Realizing they are in danger, Monica warns Brian that Verone plans to kill them once the job is complete. Following her warning, a confrontation occurs when Enrique and Roberto come looking for her, but Verone arrives in time to diffuse the situation.On the day of the job, Brian and Roman split the cash between their cars and prepare to make their getaway. The Miami Police Department intervenes, leading to a high-speed chase. Brian and Roman cleverly lead the police to a warehouse where Tej organizes a diversion, allowing them to escape in their muscle cars while Tej and Suki, another racer, are detained.The action intensifies as the chase leads them to the airfield, where Enrique orders Brian to take a detour to a marina. Roman ingeniously ejects Roberto from his car using a makeshift ejector seat powered by nitrous oxide. At the marina, Verone reveals that he knows he is being surveilled and has given Monica false information, planning to kill Brian and use her as leverage.Just as Verone orders Brian's execution, Roman intervenes, allowing the duo to incapacitate Enrique. Verone attempts to flee on his private yacht, but Brian dramatically drives the Yenko off a ramp, crashing onto the deck and subduing Verone.After successfully capturing Verone, Markham upholds their deal and clears Brian and Roman's records. They decide to stay in Miami and use a cut of Verone's cash to fund their new venture—a garage, solidifying their partnership and friendship.
Me Before You	romance	Louisa "Lou" Clark is hired as carer for Will Traynor, a once successful banker and active sportsman now tetraplegic after being hit by a motorcycle. Will's mother hopes Lou's bubbly personality will lift Will's depressed and cynical spirits. Will is initially cold towards Lou. Will's ex-girlfriend Alicia visits and reveals that she is going to marry Will's former best friend Rupert. Lou perseveres with Will and, as the two grow close, she learns he is cultured and worldly, in contrast to her simple life spent with her parents or boyfriend Patrick.Overhearing an argument between Will's parents, Lou learns that Will has conceded six months to them before he will go to Dignitas in Switzerland for assisted suicide, as he is unable to accept a disabled life. Lou takes it upon herself to change his mind by organizing trips and adventures to show him that life is still worth living. Patrick's jealousy grows until he and Lou split up.Will asks Lou to accompany him to Alicia's wedding. They start to fall in love. During a luxurious trip to Mauritius, Will tells Lou he still intends to take assisted suicide, saying he wants her to live a full life instead of half a life with him. Heartbroken, Lou quits as Will's caregiver and refuses contact with him.Lou's father convinces her to visit Will, but she finds he has already left for Switzerland. She follows him there to be with him in his final moments.Some weeks after Will's death, sitting in his favorite café in Paris, Lou reads a letter he left for her. In it, he says he has left her enough money to follow her dreams and encourages her to live abundantly.
Gilmore Girls	comedy	This show follows the lives of a 32-year-old single mother, Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) and her intellectual teenage daughter Rory Gilmore (Alexis Bledel) whom she had at the age of 16. The two women, while living in the small town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, have big ambitions they desperately try to achieve: Lorelai wants to own her own inn, while Rory wants to attend Harvard University. They also deal with Lorelai's appearance-obsessive upper class parents, Emily Gilmore (Kelly Bishop) and Richard Gilmore (Edward Herrmann). In the pilot episode, Lorelei approaches her parents for financial help so Rory can attend Chilton, a prestigious private school. Her parents agree to pay Rory's tuition on the condition that Rory and Lorelai come to Emily and Richard’s house for dinner every Friday night.This sets up one of the show's primary, ongoing conflicts: the Gilmore family is forced to face their differences and complicated past, their interactions fueled by these weekly dinners together. The contrasting mother-daughter relationships of Emily/Lorelai and Lorelai/Rory become a defining theme of the show and a lens through which many of the female relationships are viewed.Rory's best friend is Lane Kim, and throughout the series, her love life is followed in addition to those of Lorelai and Rory. As the daughter of Mrs. Kim, a very strict, religious, and protective Korean immigrant, Lane struggles to hide her love for rock music and other aspects of pop culture, including dating. While Mrs. Kim repeatedly tries to find Lane a future Korean husband who is bound for medical school, she dates Henry Cho, one of Rory's Chilton classmates. Lane also dates Dave Rygalski, the guitarist in her secret band and Zach Van Gerbig, the lead singer of the same band whom she later marries and has twins with.Also followed is Sookie St. James, Lorelai's best friend and the chef at the inn. Sookie ends up marrying and having children with Jackson, the inn's vegetable supplier. Over the course of the series, Sookie acts as Lorelai's business partner and confidant.The series also tracks Luke Danes, the owner of the local diner and later love interest of Lorelai. Luke supplies coffee and food, and on occasion butts heads with Sookie over their cooking. At times acting as a parental figure in Rory's life, he is present for many of the Gilmore Girls' major milestones.The quirky townspeople of Stars Hollow are a constant presence. Along with series-long and season-long arcs, Gilmore Girls is also episodic in nature, with mini-plots within each episode – such as town festivals, issues at Lorelai's inn, or school projects of Rory's.
Star Wars	sci-fi	Amid a galactic civil war, Rebel Alliance spies steal the plans for the Death Star, a colossal space station capable of destroying entire planets, from the Galactic Empire. Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan, a secret leader of the Rebels, is captured by Imperial forces led by Darth Vader while transporting the plans. Before her capture, Leia manages to send the plans with droids R2-D2 and C-3PO, who crash-land on the desert planet of Tatooine.The droids are captured by Jawa traders and sold to moisture farmers Owen and Beru Lars, along with their nephew, Luke Skywalker. While cleaning R2-D2, Luke discovers a holographic message from Leia, in which she asks Obi-Wan Kenobi for help. R2-D2 goes missing, prompting Luke to search for him. During his search, he is attacked by Sand People but is rescued by the elderly hermit Ben Kenobi, who reveals himself to be Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan explains his past as a Jedi Knight, the peacekeepers of the Galactic Republic who were nearly exterminated by the Empire. He also tells Luke that his father was a Jedi who fought alongside him until he was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader.Obi-Wan presents Luke with his father's lightsaber, the weapon of the Jedi. After seeing Leia's full message, which includes a plea for Obi-Wan to take the Death Star plans to Alderaan, Luke initially declines to join Obi-Wan on his mission. However, after Imperial stormtroopers kill his family while searching for the droids, he decides to accompany Obi-Wan. They travel to the bustling spaceport of Mos Eisley and hire smugglers Han Solo and Chewbacca to take them to Alderaan aboard the Millennium Falcon.As they approach Alderaan, they discover that Grand Moff Tarkin has destroyed the planet with the Death Star’s superlaser. The Falcon is then captured by the Death Star's tractor beam. The group manages to avoid detection and infiltrates the station to rescue Leia, who is set to be executed for refusing to disclose the location of the Rebel base. Obi-Wan leaves to deactivate the tractor beam, while Luke persuades Han and Chewbacca to help him rescue Leia.After successfully rescuing Leia, Obi-Wan sacrifices himself in a lightsaber duel against Vader, allowing Luke and the others to escape. The Empire tracks the Falcon back to the Rebel base on the moon Yavin 4 using a tracking device. The Rebel Alliance analyzes the Death Star plans and discovers a critical vulnerability: a small exhaust port that leads directly to the station's reactor core.Luke joins the Rebel X-wing squadron in a daring assault against the Death Star, while Han and Chewbacca depart to pay off a debt to the crime lord Jabba the Hutt. During the battle, Darth Vader leads a squadron of TIE fighters and shoots down several Rebel ships. Just when it seems that Luke might be shot down, Han and Chewbacca return in the Millennium Falcon, knocking Vader off course.Guided by the voice of Obi-Wan's spirit, Luke uses the Force to help him aim his torpedoes at the exhaust port. His shot successfully hits the target, triggering a chain reaction that destroys the Death Star just moments before it can fire on the Rebel base. The film concludes with a triumphant ceremony, where Leia awards medals to Luke and Han for their bravery and heroism, solidifying their place in the Rebel Alliance’s fight against the Empire.
American Psycho	drama	In 1987, Patrick Bateman, an investment banker in Manhattan, leads a superficial and empty life, filled with high-end dining, designer clothes, and a relentless focus on status. He is engaged to the vapid Evelyn Williams and spends much of his time socializing with wealthy associates, whom he secretly despises. The film opens with Bateman and his colleagues obsessing over their business cards, highlighting the superficiality of their lives.Bateman's envy is particularly directed at his colleague Paul Allen, whose business card he finds superior to his own. In a fit of rage, he finds a homeless man in an alley and brutally murders him, marking the beginning of his violent tendencies. When Bateman meets Allen at a Christmas party, he becomes increasingly resentful of Allen's affluent lifestyle, especially since Allen has exclusive reservations at the prestigious restaurant Dorsia—where Bateman longs to dine but cannot get a table.After getting Allen drunk, Bateman invites him to his apartment under false pretenses, where he violently murders him. Bateman meticulously disposes of the body and later visits Allen's apartment to leave a message on his answering machine, claiming that Allen has gone to London. The disappearance of Allen draws the attention of private investigator Donald Kimball, who interviews Bateman about his colleague's whereabouts. Bateman, maintaining his facade, brushes off the investigation.Continuing his spiral into depravity, Bateman invites two prostitutes, Christie and Sabrina, to his apartment. After having sex with them, he tortures and pays them before sending them away. Tensions escalate when Bateman's colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his admiration for Bateman and shows off a new business card, prompting Bateman to attempt to strangle him in a restroom—a move Carruthers misinterprets as a sexual advance.As Kimball conducts further investigations, Bateman's alibi holds firm, causing Bateman to feel both nervous and exhilarated. He then lures Christie back to his apartment, drugs Elizabeth, another acquaintance, and kills her after a night of depravity. Christie discovers evidence of Bateman's murders and attempts to escape, but Bateman chases her down, culminating in a gruesome scene where he drops a chainsaw on her as she flees down the stairs.Bateman's psychotic tendencies continue to escalate. He encounters an ATM machine that whimsically tells him to "Feed Me A Stray Cat." In a moment of insanity, he prepares to shoot the cat but is confronted by a woman instead, leading him to shoot her instead. This act of violence leads to a police chase, during which Bateman kills a security guard and a janitor.In a frantic state, Bateman calls his lawyer, Harold Carnes, and confesses to at least 40 murders, detailing his horrific acts. However, when he visits Allen's apartment the following day, he discovers it is vacant and for sale. A realtor cryptically suggests that the apartment never belonged to Allen, which confuses Bateman further.As Bateman continues his downward spiral, he meets with his colleagues for lunch. His confession remains unheard, and Carnes mistakes him for another man, dismissing his admissions as a joke. Despite clarifying who he is, Carnes mentions having dinner with Allen in London, which contradicts Bateman's claim and leaves Bateman uncertain about the reality of his actions.In the final moments, Bateman is left in existential despair, unsure if his crimes were real or merely figments of his imagination. He feels trapped in a lifestyle he detests, realizing that his confession has had no impact. Bateman narrates his pain, wishing to inflict it upon others, culminating in a chilling acknowledgment that he may never be held accountable for his actions. The film ends ambiguously, leaving viewers to question the nature of Bateman's reality and the depth of his depravity.